Rating: 2. I don't care for the taste - threw it away.
Rating: 5. You would think something that's low fat and no salt added would be absolutely bland. Well, it may not taste like a dissolved bouillon cube, but it definitely tastes like chicken! I have no problem heating up a cup when I just need a quick shot of comfort, and it works well in any recipe that calls for a broth. Actually, I have found over the years the less sugar and salt I use in cooking, the more I taste the real flavors of food. So, if you're ready to decrease your salt intake (or your doctor says you have to), this is a good item to have on your shelf.
Rating: 1. Not very good at all. I'm a bacon lover and had never heard of bacon jerky so I couldn't wait to get it. It's like over cooked bacon (hard, not chewy) with a super smoky flavor, the maple isn't even present in the flavor, just the smell. I do not recommended this one at all!
Rating: 5. Best deoderant for men imo. Long lasting too.
Rating: 5. Love the taste!
Rating: 1. You pay for what you get. This cost a lot less than Nutella, but the taste is TERRIBLE. Very disappointing.
Rating: 5. Smells great, good product. Decent price.
Rating: 5. Good value
Rating: 5. Great product. You need this.
Rating: 5. A quality scrub sponge at a good price and delivered to my door. I pay for all of my items. I accept no discounts, trades or payment of any kind for my reviews.
Rating: 5. Too sweet, but oh so good for a quick meal.
Rating: 4. I just received my package yesterday, I really don't mind a delay in shipment but four of the cans were bent to hell. Not good!!
Rating: 2. they were stale.
Rating: 5. I use cinnamon a lot. I'm glad to get it through Amazon. Thank you.
Rating: 5. Smells and tastes like you just milled it. A fresher tasting canned pepper I have yet to find. You can't go wrong with Watkins.
Rating: 5. these are a good cup. they have knobby bumps around the middle band of the cup. it is a good 18 oz. they state that it is crack resistance. the cup seems to be a little thicker than normal plastic cups. my 4 yr old grandson and me went all day with the same cup. multiple squeezing and relaxing of the cup and it did not crank. for me this would be a good camping cup.
Rating: 2. Expensive for the quality and size.
Rating: 5. Great stuff.
Rating: 5. The best tasting Salty/Savory snack I've come across in a long....long...time. I take them with me on my hikes and on vacations as a quick energy snack. A bit pricey, and are rarely on sale.
Rating: 5. Good product, decent price!
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 4. Didn't really notice a difference on these
Rating: 5. Excellent high quality tonic water. Very low in sugar and great when used with a quality gin or vodka. Will order again.
Rating: 5. my standard go-to for breakfast on the run
Rating: 5. good value
Rating: 5. I love these wipes! These wipes are the only wipes I ever use now. I love the fresh scent, I love that they aren't too wet or too dry, I love that they come in an easy to open/close package and you can even open it one handed the very first time you try! Sometimes they do seem to stick together but no worse than any other wipe and not enough to bother me. I love that I can use them on my baby's bum and on her face, nose, hands basically every other body part now that she is a toddler. I have a pack of these wipes stashed everywhere, our car, my purse, my diaper bag - everywhere! I'm pretty sure that I will still be using these wipes even when I no longer have babies because they are also very handy for coffee spills (and melted chocolate and workout sweat). These wipes can't be beat in quality or price in my opinion.
Rating: 5. So expensive and so worth it
Rating: 1. This spilled all over my box. Also included a picture of my box destroyed on my front porch
Rating: 5. Very convenient. I wish you could order these with the Amazon Goldfish Dash button but unfortunately, it is not an option,
Rating: 5. Taste just like thin mints...
Rating: 5. loved it!
Rating: 5. Keeps the pink ring out of my toilets, smell is not overpowering.
Rating: 5. Better than targets spicy mix and that is good but this is a little better
Rating: 2. The coffee is not very good and I will not order it again.
Rating: 5. Love Quaker oats
Rating: 1. I was very disappointed in this product, especially after reading mostly positive reviews. The pads tended to shift and bunch, rendering ineffective coverage. I will not purchase this product again.
Rating: 4. My husband just loves these things. They seem to be softer than the regular pop tarts and have a very good discernable peanut butter taste, much like a peanut butter cookie. Do note that the box is smaller than the normal box of poptarts that you buy, most of the regular flavors you buy have 8 this is just 6
Rating: 2. I didn't find these work as well as other products I've used. I'm not sure about others, but I require 2 sets of pads. Ones that I use for the beginning days that can handle heavy absorption and ones that are meant for day 3 and on where I don't require a heavy duty option. These, though rated super, have been demoted to 3rd day on only use which is sad because I like to try a variety of feminine products so that I have back-ups when my go-tos (Always with wings) are not available or I have a coupon. These failed me overnight bad enough I had to strip clothing, my sheets, and waterproof cover and wash everything. (Thanks for the bonus load of laundry when I'm already feeling miserable Kotex!) In my case it didn't catch the small bursts but allowed it to roll over the pad and pool to the edges and beyond. I expected that the case may be they weren't their overnight option so I decided to use these only in the day, but, again, I found myself changing my clothing mid-day after another failure. Now I expect this from cheaper pads or ones not rated to handle someone who has a heavier period, like myself, but these were far to inefficient for my needs. I, also, missed having wings on the product so it's another thing I'll consider a necessity from here on.
Rating: 1. I've ordered k cups from Brooklyn beans previously and have always been impressed... until this batch...out of the variety pack of 40 I've had to strain coffee grounds from my cup for at least 15. This first time I chalked it up to a fluke the 2nd time I was annoyed and but moved on but frankly enough is enough. It's not just one flavor it varies and I never know if I have to strain until I add my creamer and lighten it up.
Rating: 1. Was not what I expected. There is a smell of mango, however tasted like carbonated water. Missed the mark for me.
Rating: 4. It smells nice, but strong, and it cleans well. You get a good-sized cleaner for the price.
Rating: 5. The tea actually works. You really just have to be consistent. Drink throughout the day at least 6 times. This is most especially helpful for breastfeeding moms who will be going back to work. Drink this instead of your morninh coffee.
Rating: 3. I expected a little more thickness with the result, and being a chocoholic, would have enjoyed a stronger chocolate flavor. Nutritionally it is good.
Rating: 4. Only 4 stars because the packaging sucks. The tab to rip the seal off tears off instead of pulling the whole seal off with it. This happens a good 90% of the time. The almonds are great though.
Rating: 1. has a weird taste. Packing is different from what I normally order from Fiji website.
Rating: 1. Worthless. Don't waste your money.
Rating: 5. Aromatic entertainment for most felines!
Rating: 4. It is a good mix of Twinings teas. My mom loves these teas anyway, so it's all goid
Rating: 5. Bought for my mother in law, she loves them!
Rating: 5. These are a good price compared to drugstores or grocery stores. Totally worth it... try not to eat the whole bag!
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 4. For a packaged.mac and cheese, this is really good. It's very cheesy and creamy. I buy it now whenever i order from prime pantry. I especially like the white cheddar and sharp cheddar.
Rating: 5. excellent
Rating: 1. This is a dramatically BAD product which the company obviously formulated and continues to sell knowing in advance that it no longer lived up to its previous reputation as an effective dishwashing cleaning agent. Quietly reformulated due to some regional requirements which created the lowest common denominator of dishwashing soap for all of us, they will tell you on the phone that they could not formulate the product for distribution to one area different than another, so we are all subjected to the delivery of an inferior low quality product (even though there are many examples of businesses that provide distribution of varied products by region). For a while they marketed an additive called Glass Magic which made the product work again, but they have now taken that off the market, and replaced it with a `booster' which fundamentally fails to deliver. Black pots and pans, food pieces stuck on dishes and flatware - now, Finish dishwashing agents are just a worthless product. Do your research on the web, and steer clear of the consumer level product. If we stop buying inferior products, maybe they will be motivated to formulate a product that will work. And if some region want inferior products, then let them live with it. Stop buying this product until they formulate a product that works.
Rating: 5. Love the Ziploc closure and great for risotto, excellent value
Rating: 5. Recently started trying the "pods" -- really easy. I like Tide -- I was trying other brands; but Tide Pods still I think the best. Drop in 1 or 2 or 3 -- depending on load size. Clothes clean, fresh. I like the no measuring. And available w/Pantry too.
Rating: 4. Tasted great love the product
Rating: 4. Great product!
Rating: 5. This stuff keep's you from stinking.
Rating: 5. This is the best body cream I have ever had. I use it as hand cream too. My family and I both love it.
Rating: 4. Works good. 2 were damaged in shipping
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. Great as always.
Rating: 5. These are so delicious. I'm for sure including them in all my Amazon orders!
Rating: 5. Black and rich. Much stronger than English Breakfast tea yet not bitter. My morning cup of coffee has been replaced by this tea. That is quite a switch for an American.
Rating: 1. ordered mixedberry diet and got citrus regular. diabetic so cant use it too bad
Rating: 5. Love the flavor
Rating: 5. Best smelling tanning oil. Leaves skin smooth and moisturized.
Rating: 5. This probiotic has really saved my life. It has saved me from dealing with daily stomach pain. There really has not been another probiotic out there that is dairy and gluten free with this high of a strain. It is the best.
Rating: 4. Very good!
Rating: 5. Amazing Multi Purpose Cleaner. I am obssesed.
Rating: 4. I love having this fruit at breakfast time, great taste and I like its in natural juices
Rating: 3. Had to lock away these little darlings, kept on eating them like candy! Got a strong will? Go for it.
Rating: 4. Good condition upon unpacking!!!!!!!
Rating: 5. These dates are so yummy! They are somewhat soft, but not mushy. I use them in my paleo baking and also to eat as a snack when I get hungry for something sweet. Just a few of these satisfies my sugar craving without sacrificing my diet. They have added an extra dimension to my paleo baking, so Ive been able to slightly reduce the amount of honey or maple syrup that I use to sweeten things.
Rating: 5. Use it year round.
Rating: 5. healthy, good tasting and good for you too
Rating: 5. Great coffee. Good amazon price
Rating: 5. Works great for cleaning walls/doors inside the house.
Rating: 5. They're great... so great my brother ate them all in fact. I would recommend them to anyone who like cashews as these are some of the best, a kinda gold-standard of sorts.
Rating: 3. Not as good as the original.
Rating: 5. DELISH
Rating: 5. Free of harsh chemicals.
Rating: 5. always work for me
Rating: 5. Yummy stuff and delicious.
Rating: 5. Great price
Rating: 5. Excellent chips. Crunchy, salty and delicious!
Rating: 5. Smells a bit like a generic men's perfume.
Rating: 5. My favorite brand of coffee; has a deep, rich flavor!
Rating: 5. Really makes ends plump and fuller love this
Rating: 5. great stuff
Rating: 4. I buy this chicken broth from Amazon Fresh mostly out of convenience. I like Trader Joe's 32 oz chicken stocks, but I can't always make it over there (not to mention the always horrible lines). Flavor is very good, and I can taste the ingredients in here (carrots, onions, celery), unlike say, College Inn, which to me is more bland. Price is also good -- right now less than $0.70/can. I also like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kitchen-Basics-Turkey-Stock-Gluten-Free-32-oz/dp/B007FGIN4W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kitchen Basics Turkey Stock (Gluten, Free), 32 oz.</a>, which I've ordered a number of times. It has really good flavor and I recommend it over this Swanson broth. I prefer the convenience of a can. I use one full can at a time, and don't have to worry about refrigerating the remainder like I do with the 32 oz Tetra Paks. To get the most flavor, I throw some chicken or pork bones into the stock pot. The only minus I can think of is the higher sodium content, compared to Kitchen Basics. The turkey stock has half the sodium per serving.
Rating: 5. My dog is obsessed with this. Squeeky and fun. Durable. She is pretty crazy, and hasn't ripped this one in months!
Rating: 5. yum, makes me poop
Rating: 5. I love these! There very good and not as decadent as the original! I don't feel like I am being bad, at all! lol
Rating: 5. Does the job overnight.
Rating: 5. The best tasting green tea ever! Love that it isn't bitter tasting and also, has a natural sweetness to it. Really the best when it is ice cold. Love this flavor and product!!!
Rating: 5. Not bad.
Rating: 5. yum
Rating: 3. Imagine if this tasted like curry.
Rating: 5. Happy with my purchase I am voting for this product 5 stars
Rating: 4. works
Rating: 5. Another good tea from Twinings. They say that peppermint helps the digestion. I don't know about that but I do like the taste.
Rating: 5. love the smell and silky feel of hands after use
Rating: 5. THIS IS GREAT COFFEE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rating: 2. my fav coffee however this entire box won't brew in a original kuerig Water spills out top Making entire box useless
Rating: 5. I normally purchase Quilted Northern. However, at the time that I was ordering from Prime Pantry, that brand was not available. I was in need of toilet paper, so I ordered these. These are super soft, and I will probably start ordering these instead now, as I also really like the pattern and material.
Rating: 5. I love this tea. I make a full cup if I'm drinking it hot. If I want iced tea, I use the smallest cup setting on the Keurig and then add ice and honey. It's sweet on its own and never, ever bitter, regardless of how much water you use. Delicious.
Rating: 4. As expected.
Rating: 5. good eating
Rating: 5. Great for medium length hair, easy to use, not too sticky, comes off easy and lasts all day. Look good while ffeling good, I'll take it!
Rating: 5. LOVE this scent. I used it on everything.
Rating: 5. It was less expensive than at the store, Kids love all that was in there and having individual sizes was great; didn't feel bad for having what they wanted.
Rating: 5. Great taste and great profile! Love Kashi products.
Rating: 5. Dogs love
Rating: 3. Have to use significantly more than regular shampoo. If it's healthier then damn, natural chemicals smell harsh
Rating: 5. First time I have used these pads and I will reorder as needed. They are the best bathroom cleaning pad I have ever used. Thank you.
Rating: 5. A+++
Rating: 5. These are so tasty. I like to set the can in the freezer to get them really cold, then spritz them with a bit of lo-cal whipped topping for a yummy dessert.
Rating: 4. Great tasting pasta! The De Cecco Capellini is the best of thin pasta. It is my favorite of pasta's brands. This pasta type is hard to find and not sold everywhere.
Rating: 5. it's great
Rating: 5. A nice fresh scented hand soap.
Rating: 2. Most of the nuts are cashew halves and almonds. Very few brazil nuts, hardly any pecans and few pistachio nuts. Would not order again.
Rating: 5. If this does not remove a stain from white fabric, nothing will (unless you burn a hole though in the spot of the stain).
Rating: 4. At first it goes on a bit thick but it does go in. Smells nice. Due to this harsh winter it didn't moisturize my skin enough. I changed to the Burt's Bee product line and whilst I liked it, I did have a few pimples arise and I normally don't and my skin in parts felt dry. So I'm not sure I would recommend it. Maybe it would be okay in the summer.
Rating: 5. It's from a Doctor. :)
Rating: 4. My dogs love them! They seem to leave their teeth clean and don't break apart leaving crumbs on the ground. If you put them in the refrigerator, your dogs will love them even more.
Rating: 5. As opposed to the name of the fragrance, it actually smells quite nice. Lets just say i have a very stressful yet laborless job and still manage to smell... neutral. My wife likes it on the weekends. Its my signature brand after 5ish years.
Rating: 5. Great product. Leaves my hair feeling smooth and smells great! I like the squeeze bottle also.
Rating: 5. works good
Rating: 5. This shower gel works great, leaves the bathroom smelling delicious, but best of all is super moisturizing. I have more dry than oily skin so usually have to be adamant about using lotion. Since I started with this shower gel, I often can skip the lotion.
Rating: 2. Usable but broken up.
Rating: 5. Go with so many things not to mention the great price
Rating: 5. Superb taste! Will keep purchasing.
Rating: 4. Tastes good
Rating: 5. I love ricolas. Every flavor. Every kind. They are the ONLY thing that helps my throat and stops my cough! This flavor soothes a throat and helps to keep coughing away.
Rating: 5. Great stain remover to carry in your purse. Great for removing drops of food and stains on the go. You could also keep one at work in your desk drawer just for ties and shirts.
Rating: 3. My wife used these when we were trying to have a baby. The black line didn't come up. There was that woman who jumped off the Empire State Building and landed on her back on top of a limousine with her legs crossed and her limp hand covering her heart, Gloria looked like that after she did the test and went back to bed. She actually was pregnant.
Rating: 5. i love the taste
Rating: 4. I enjoy the flavor of this tea but they don't use purified water in it so I am not supposed to drink it due to my medical condition. I wish that they would change it to purified water. Oh well....
Rating: 4. Tastes great
Rating: 4. But for the money, I'll continue to buy my usual stock from Sam's club. I couldn't tell any difference and the generic nuts from Sam's are much less expensive.
Rating: 5. Works great. Smells great.
Rating: 5. My dog loves it and its clearing up his eye tear stains on his face by being grain free!
Rating: 1. They do not taste fresh at all. Although on the package they say expiration date is Jun 2016.
Rating: 5. these are one of the best on the market. one tip that i have to anyone who suffers from sensitive teeth after usage is just cut your strips don't the middle horizontally then use one for your top and one for your bottom and save the extra one in the package. when i used to use them as they were instructed i would get the most awful pain and sensitivity my teeth would hurt for about 24-48 hours after each use ever since i stopped using them that way and cut my strips i have absolutely NO PAIN at all. plus if you are worried about the results don't be because you CAN NOT tell a difference no one can even see the inside of your teeth. plus on top of that you double your money and have lots of left over product. if you are wondering about purchasing this i would definitely go for it. i use about one box per year and lasts for months before you need another application.
Rating: 1. Terrible, terrible, terrible. Does not clean contacts, nor does it refresh them. I use a quarter of the bottle trying to make my contacts even wearable. I'm throwing the second bottle out and will NEVER purchase again. Just awful.
Rating: 5. Brings me back to many many years ago
Rating: 5. Delicious flavor and works well as a destresser.
Rating: 5. simple yet amazing with a salad when paired with blue cheese and cranberry's
Rating: 5. Amazing!!!
Rating: 5. Simple good product.
Rating: 5. It is very nice to have a cup of tea before bedtime without the bother of a tea kettle, tea leaves, and then a pot to clean up.
Rating: 5. EXACTLY AS EXPECTED
Rating: 1. I love sparkling water (think ICE brand), however, this junk was gross... I still have an 11 pack sitting in my fridge... wasting away....
Rating: 5. Great tasting, nice firm fruit.
Rating: 4. Gift: Daughter likes it.
Rating: 1. This is hands down the worst flavored Chai I've ever had. Yuck!!
Rating: 4. Ordered this item for our Hamilton Single serve that we purchased. Great purchase for the money. 24 k cups for under $9.00. I was looking at k cups over the weekend while grocery shopping. The brands that I saw only can in 10 cup boxes and on sale they were $6.99. I love tea. One cup makes the perfect regular mug size of tea. Easy to use and convenient cleanup, no dripping tea bag on the counter. You can grab them and take them with you. I am going to take some with me on a road trip at the end of the month. I am so happy with this item that I am already looking for more to purchase.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. the best ...
Rating: 4. Of the different varieties of Go Picnic I've tried so far, this is one of the best. It's no gourmet meal, and with no fresh components (by definition) it can't be great. However everything was quite tasty. My only complaint is that there were not enough crackers to go with the meat and cheese.
Rating: 5. This tea is bitter-tasting. The meaning is high-class Japanese tea. It is the best for drinking in a relaxation , a lunch break and morning. If you looking for real Japanese tea try this! And if tast too bitter for you add watter.
Rating: 5. What's to say? I'm a cleaning-supply minimalist and this quickly became a must. If smth is stuck, I spray and walk away. Come back and wipe. Done.
Rating: 3. It's not nearly as moisturizing as I expected. But it's OK.
Rating: 5. love these chips, have never seen or had them before here
Rating: 5. Fantastic product. My skin absorbs it immediately so I leave it on for the night. My skin feels hydrated and soft. It's one of my favorite products. Plus it's 99% natural. A Must have for dry skin!
Rating: 3. I like how it smells but it leaves my hair feeling like it's stripped of all oils, good and bad.
Rating: 4. Very tasty but takes a long time to absorb the milk. You might loosen a crown, if you're not patient.
Rating: 1. Bought 2, took one bite and threw both out. Love spinach dip... wasn't expecting top notch dip by any means, but this was pretty well inedible. Pretty disgusting.
Rating: 5. Love the taste I just wish they were easier to get and a little cheaper.
Rating: 4. Wish the extension were longer. I have 13ft ceilings in my living room.
Rating: 5. a
Rating: 1. The label of this jar states "less than 50% peanuts." Don't you believe it! My jar contained at least 75% peanuts, with a good supply of almonds, a handful of cashews, and one, count 'em, ONE (that's right), pecan half. What a colossal waste of money.
Rating: 5. very rich. Great for dry skin. A light and clean smell. I use daily after showering.
Rating: 4. very, very good.
Rating: 5. LO loves her 'bunny crackers' and they're healthy too. She loves the flavor.
Rating: 4. Great price for a high protein drink. My mom loves the strawberry flavor.
Rating: 5. did not bother my stomach at all. I have gastroparesis so this is a good thing.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. I love this brand of pasta. It is made in Italy and it cooks up al dente and has good flavour. I used to be able to find it in my hometown but no longer. I'm so happy it's available at Amazon -- although some of the shapes do not ship to Alaska (bummer).
Rating: 1. not worth 99 cents
Rating: 5. One cannot wrong with Arm & Hammer Baking Soda. It can be used for so many different purposes. Excellent product. The shipping was pretty quick. http://www.armandhammer.com/PDF/AnH_Solutions.pdf
Rating: 5. very refreshing at the beach
Rating: 5. For Gluten Free, this is some of the best, moist, cake that lasts well (especially in the refrigerator wrapped) there is a chocolate cake like this, it is even better!
Rating: 5. Reasonable priced
Rating: 4. My butt thanks you!
Rating: 5. Thanks!
Rating: 5. Best deod out there
Rating: 5. It's Nutella, why do you need to read reviews on this. Just buy it and dip kiwi in it and your life will instantly get better.
Rating: 5. My hair is superthin and mostly out of control. I used to look scary most of the time, but since it went white at 36 now I pretty much resemble an ugly Einstein. Lots of brushing and supergel in the morning didn't help my mirror image much. It had a great effect on the cat. Oz won't even eat until I left the house and cats never do stuff like that. Life's little pleasures... Seriously, it was very 'fly-away', static-y and apparently even hard to cut. When I finally found a hair care specialist I like, I told her I wanted to lose the #2 buzzcut and grow it long. She told me to get some leave-in conditioner if I wanted any chance to live a normal, hairy life. Was she right! While not perfect it's light years from what it was. But I had to quit drinking to afford the salon stuff she recommended. So I had to Go Shopping (Thank you, Amazon). This stuff is about as good as ChezPaul's custom blended billion dollar conditioner (or whatever his name is), and it's a fraction of the price. I use it every 2-3 days, as I'm told it over-conditions if I use it daily, and then I get yelled at. Hey, over-conditioning is better than under-conditioning. After a couple of weeks I have even been asked what I was doing differently. Someone asking me about my hair? Huh? What's going on? I got yelled at and told I had to shower every day, even if my hair was now beautiful. I don't get it, but okay. There's a lot I don't get. Try it if you have badly damaged or frail hair. It worked great for me. Now I can't get Oz off my lap, but I still like this product. Be aware; after you apply this stuff, you have to sit with a stupid cat on your lap until it dries. I guess I could borrow a hair dryer and get yelled at. That would be a lot faster... I was going to give it 4 stars because it took so long to dry, but maybe that was my own fault.
Rating: 3. It's OK...just feels like I am rubbing super thick sour cream on my face. I probably won't buy again. It is a bit drying, even though it's not supposed to be. I don't solely use this product, I alternate it with my expensive wash H2T acne, or H2T gentle.
Rating: 5. Good Spice!
Rating: 4. My doctor recommended this as I was Vitamin D deficient (as most adult women are). Hopefully it will make my bones stronger.
Rating: 3. If you are like me, you'd buy this cereal because you love Kashi, and you love chocolate, and you'd be expecting your first big bite some early morning to have a good chocolate note to it. But that's not what I thought when I bought this. I went and double checked the package to make certain I didn't buy a cinnamon cereal by mistake. So, if you love cinnamon with the faintest hint of cocoa, then you'll probably love this. If you prefer your cinnamon in an apple pie like me, then you'll probably hate this as a breakfast cereal if you are looking for a good cocoa flavor.
Rating: 5. Great tuff, amazing flavors. Will buy again.
Rating: 5. LOVED by the guinea pig!
Rating: 5. good stuff
Rating: 5. Hands down the best lemon ice tea I've ever had/made.
Rating: 5. Good value for a nutritional yeast. I use it to add additional protein to meals like a cheese. I am trying to eat more vegetarian meals and it is an easy way to add more protein and flavor. No need to add salt.
Rating: 1. would probably taste better if it was natures food. I can't enjoy this product knowing it is filled with GMOs and is slowly poisoning me. I will stick to organic food. Keep the chemicals
Rating: 5. lovely
Rating: 5. Makes a great cup of tea without the buzz.
Rating: 3. Missed where it said it was fluoride free which makes it not ADA approved.
Rating: 5. I've been taking this supplement for just over 3 months, and I've notice a huge improvement in my jaw. My jaw used to make a grinding sound every time I opened my mouth, like bone rubbing against bone. I really believe this product has helped repair the damaged cartilage in my joint. The grinding is completely gone. There is still some residual muscle pain, which I am treating with massage therapy and exercises. I highly recommend this supplement if you have joint pain due to damaged cartilage. I'm going to keep taking it.
Rating: 3. This Kleenex is a bit softer than their "everyday" facial tissues. It's also 49% more expensive. Not worth it. I will stick with Puffs for comparable quality.
Rating: 5. https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B00YPP0ZCE/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_9
Rating: 5. I like crunchy peanut butter. I like peanut butter that is not loaded with sketchy ingredients. This is a yummy option. That is all.
Rating: 5. makes great slime
Rating: 5. Saw results after third day. Cut through 40 years of coffee stains.
Rating: 5. I like the way it smells, makes my skin feel smooth and isn't expensive AF.
Rating: 5. The best!!!
Rating: 5. A good buy.
Rating: 5. Some people may not require an exceedingly fine dental floss; they may be satisfied with the thick, coarse kind. But others may really need an extra fine strand treated with something that makes it slide easily. It seems to me that, since flossing is essential, it is better to have a kind that actually works for you than a totally ineffective kind that won't even slide between some teeth. In any case, if you want total comfort, comfort you never thought you could find, this is the one to choose. "Comfort Plus" is worth the small extra cost.
Rating: 5. smells heavenly
Rating: 5. Oh I LOVE this soap! It smells wonderful and even after you are finished showering the fragrance makes my bathroom smell as wonderful! I would recommend this soap!
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. Yesterday, during half-marathon, I felt extreme pain on the external right knee. I thought this pain was associated with IT Band; however, it continued after the run. It was painful to move my leg. I was afraid it was going to lock up my knee overnight while sleeping. I used hot/cold/hot packs, rubbed on this ointment and wore my knee compression sleeve. This morning, to my surprise I woke up completely pain free! I am continuing the same treatment rest of the day and tonight and not running for the next three days just to ensure full recovery.
Rating: 5. They work!
Rating: 5. These pencils last longer than any other brand we've tried. We will only use these!
Rating: 5. This is a reliable brand and product for sensitive skin or easily allergic skin. Dry skin as well. I've always used Aveeno Skin Relief but wanted to try other brands so gave this a try. It's unscented and will keep your skin smooth and moisturized. No allergic reactions either. It's also quite pricey compared to other brands but it's well worth it. I recommend!
Rating: 5. Great to toss in the washer for really dirty clothes - i.e., yard work clothes. We have used this for quite a while and like them very much!
Rating: 4. Nice size bags, not too overly salted/seasoned... but the caramel one is just too sickening to eat.
Rating: 3. I was using Algenist before this and I loved how light weight it was. I never had breakouts and I woke up with a semi-matte face. I admit I am not as acne prone as others but I do get a rather oily t-zone. That said, I decided to try this as it was much cheaper and I wanted to prove (disprove?) that all creams are the same... It's a nice smell. It has a slight cooling sensation. But it's heavy and it makes you look oily. Waking up it is a hit or miss if I get a breakout or not. I have noticed that if I do not use this at night, my skin will be rough the next day. Yes my skin is smooth when I use this but it has a residue type feel that Algenist never had. I wash my face every evening. I guess I shouldn't have gone in expecting a $60+ cream for < $20. If you've tried nice creams, this one will be hard to meet expectations honestly but if you're new to skincare, this is a nice entry into it.
Rating: 5. A must in every home, needs no description.
Rating: 2. Taste Not as good as the small packet
Rating: 3. husband likes it
Rating: 5. The serving size seems to be wrong. I distinctly remember only getting three servings out of this. LOL! They are DELICIOUS!
Rating: 5. Any day that you get chocolate for breakfast is a good day! Part of my first Amazon Pantry purchase.
Rating: 5. Of all the flavored waters on the market (I've tried a lot of brands and a lot of flavors), Dasani's Pear Acai is my favorite out there. It's flavor tastes the most real flavor and I'm a pear lover too. If you want to try something that tastes real and has a clean, fresh, authentic flavor of pear and acai, this is for you. I must say that the pear comes through the best.
Rating: 5. I love this conditioner, I have a very dry scalp so this has made a massive improvement. It smells like usual shampoo. and is a weird yellow color, It makes my hair really soft and helps detangle it. I highly recommend this stuff.
Rating: 4. Ok
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 2. Got this with a good price, but found out that is because half of the can are peanuts. I should have ordered peanuts directly as it would be cheaper. You got what you paid for, anyway.
Rating: 5. This is our favorite salsa. We always stock up when we buy it.
Rating: 5. Always loved these. They are the only scrubby I ever buy
Rating: 5. This is my favorite brand of flaxseed. I've had other brands that just end up getting gritty and feel like sand in my mouth, but this mixes well with smoothies, oatmeal, and anything else I make. I highly recommend this!
Rating: 5. I love this toothbrush definitely an upgrade over manual brushing. i know my teeth are much cleaner and my gums are healthier since i have been using the Oral-B Professional Healthy Clean Plus Floss Action Rechargeable Electric Toothbrush - i still floss though!
Rating: 4. Good taste a bit above average.
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. Bionaturae is the only whole wheat pasta I eat. I've served it to friends who were surprised to hear it's whole wheat. The price I got for it on Amazon was about the same as I could find it in stores.
Rating: 5. I have been ordering these for my a college student and he just loves them. Once again, I am amazed at the great job that amazon does with their orders. Not one complaint! Everything delivered in a timely manner. 4 stars straight up!!
Rating: 5. Basmati Brown rice is the only rice my husband will allow in our house. Taste great , is healthy for you, and we love it!
Rating: 5. This is by far my favorite dish detergent. My dishes always come out both clean and with no waterspots. As an added benefit the powerball tabs are nice and neat and tidy to use.
Rating: 5. I guess this toilet paper was good. I wouldn't say there was anything remarkable about it. It's neither the softest, or cheapest, or longest lasting. It did exactly what I needed it to. No reason to not to get it, unless you have a huge family and need to buy more than 12 at a time.
Rating: 5. DELIVERY WAS ON TIME. THE SODA WAS INTACT.
Rating: 5. No further comments at this time...
Rating: 3. These aren't as bad as the white powder donettes but they still aren't the original taste. :(
Rating: 5. Wow! This is so good. I love Indian food but eating out has gotten too pricey, so I wanted to make it at home. This was so easy and delicious. I followed the directions on the box and added half a can of coconut milk. I added the other half can to some jasmine rice (with water obviously) and salt, sugar, and milk. It was sooo good. I'm actually eating it while I write this.
Rating: 4. It's very pungent coming out of the microwave, but the flavor is good. It's on the sweet side, and benefits from sriracha or other hot sauce being added to balance the sweetness. Really tasty, noodles have a good texture.
Rating: 5. This peanut butter is wonderful. It is very soft and spreads nicely on regular bread. I ordered several tubs and will continue to order more as those get used.
Rating: 1. It's not a pure typical liquid fish oil. Contains a lot of sweeteners and other stuff. I would never buy it again.
Rating: 5. Arrived promptly and intact.
Rating: 2. doesnt taste all that good
Rating: 5. My 7 months old daughter loves them! They dissolve easily in her mouth. So even if she bites off a larger piece it's no problem. But beware: They get really sticky and the residue is everywhere. Using a bib helps.
Rating: 5. Our clients seem to like it and it is decaf.
Rating: 5. Love this fabric softener
Rating: 5. Great taste.
Rating: 5. Made these for a bake sale and what a hit! Everyone who bought them loved them, no complaints.
Rating: 1. I used this for 4 days. On the 4th day my face, eyes, and LIPS were so itchy! And my face felt super dry and my forehead became bumpy. Ive used tons of face washes with salicylic acid, but Ive never had a reaction like this. Ouch!
Rating: 2. Johnson and Johnson doesn't make this item any more. It is now made by Reach only and it is not as good. I bought this hoping to get the old version since this package says J&J at the top but that is not what came to my house. It's usable but not as good a quality as before.
Rating: 5. Love this moisturizer. Like that it has good SPF, non greasy, and no weird smells.
Rating: 1. Made my dog sick. Not a fluke. It has happened before. Bad stuff.
Rating: 5. tastes awesome - no licorice flavor at all. I've got an oversupply so not sure if this helps or not but it tastes great!
Rating: 5. The best tasting coconut chips out there. Period.
Rating: 5. This is a much better price than at my local store. Bob's Red Mill has great products for gf families like ours.
Rating: 4. These are really good if you put salt on them.
Rating: 3. I like Burt's Bee's products but this is the first time I've tried the face cleanser, I don't like how it doesn't foam or lather for a clean feel! It left my face feeling oily as well. I don't this I will buy this product again, it's not for me!
Rating: 3. I ordered 2 of these packages of white chocolate macadamia, and was very surprised to see milk chocolate chips along the bottom of almost all the cookies.
Rating: 5. gift box item
Rating: 5. We have ordered about 10 different brands and types of Keurig k-cups from Amazon and this is our favorite. We get it delivered every month on our subscribe and save order - delicious and handy!
Rating: 4. Very Good
Rating: 5. How they made this taste so good with 0 sugar is beyond me.
Rating: 5. Tastes just like restaurant quality miso soup. Super easy to make too.
Rating: 5. Causes some tooth sensitivy but I use a tooth paste for sensitivy which helps that problem. And my teeth are noticeably whiter.
Rating: 1. did not like.
Rating: 5. Use only half of the package for each washing machine clean..It is that powerful cleaner, even the scent.
Rating: 5. Stock up for winter my son loves oatmeal in the am
Rating: 5. Yum!!
Rating: 5. Awesome and works very well and I get very restful sleep each night.
Rating: 5. best t/bag
Rating: 5. YUM!! Love it and will buy again
Rating: 5. Yummy juice.
Rating: 5. Easy to use - the tip to smudge/blend is excellent and the color is as stated - a beautiful charcoal.
Rating: 4. Small and compact case, subtle enough to leave on the tank lid. My only qualm with this product is that the first wipe is tough to grab, I ended up ripping at least one or two wipes trying to get the first wipe up and through the lid.
Rating: 4. Great, but I do like the ones in the plastic jars better.
Rating: 4. If you like bitter, unsweetened, strong, caffeinated green tea, this product is for you. I like bitter, unsweetened, strong, caffeinated green tea, so this product is for me ... and NO calories either. Yesssss......
Rating: 5. No swallowing problem it just melts!
Rating: 5. Now this is a great product for damaged hair. I will certainly make sure to have this in my bathroom on hand as my hair gets damaged from swimming, coloring and sun. I used to use just smears of coconut oil on the ends but this is superior to that.
Rating: 5. Great protein drink.
Rating: 3. Hard to chew
Rating: 5. Whew, this stuff is THICC. I like to do my charcoal or clay mask to suck all the crap out of you and rehydrate with this BUT it will make you sweat like the dickens if you wear it out in the heat.
Rating: 3. some boxes a bit tattered, but can that hurt pasta? still the best pasta we've had and at a good price.
Rating: 3. DID NOT NOTICE ANY DIFFERENCE IN THE WAY i FELT. i GUESS IT IS JUST ANOTHER FORM OF PROTEIN BUT IT TASTES TERRIBLE.
Rating: 5. Included in a college care package and the student and his friends enjoyed them. Great price and quick delivery.
Rating: 4. I have been using this product for a few years now and hope they never stop making it. I like that it extends the time between cleanings of the toilet as I appreciate a fresh bathroom, but don't particularly enjoy cleaning. It's important to know that you must start with a clean toilet and will have to re clean periodically. It has a mild, fresh fragrance. Also, since it is in the bowl, not the tank, it does not corrode the flushing mechanism like some tank tablets with bleach will do. After cleaning the bowl I give it a flush to see where the water flows from under the rim to select the best spot for placement in the bowl so that water will flow over it. We have pets that like drink out of the toilets so we keep the lid down for their safety.
Rating: 5. apple sauce is good. in a saucy apple type of way.
Rating: 5. Who doesn't love Oreo's? I prefer the thin filling in this cookie.
Rating: 2. Leaves water marks down side of shower. Product does not say to rinse product after use.... defeats the purpose. Shower looks worse.
Rating: 5. What can I say.....Its 5 pounds of gummy bears!!!!!
Rating: 5. yum
Rating: 2. This wasn't what I expected really. It taste like they used artificial sugar in it..I was surprised because I always love these k cups. Id recommend trying one out before buying it. I even tried adding some cream and sugar to a 2nd cup to see if it would help and it didnt.
Rating: 5. I've never seen these in the grocery store and they're really delicious, not over spiced, pretty crunchy, I like them!
Rating: 5. The perfect amount for a quick low carb snack to keep in my desk at work.
Rating: 3. These were pretty good but a little to hard
Rating: 5. One of our favorite foods.. green bean cassarole. Would not be the same without these delicious dried onions on the top! Great value and excellent taste!
Rating: 5. smells great
Rating: 5. Really love these. They have a good flavor, but are a little crumbly. But I like the extra fiber boost and two will suffice you, unlike other less healthy cookies that you want to eat half the package of at one sitting. (I never do that, though, of course...) These are not bland and not too sweet. Which is a good accomplishment for a healthier cookie.
Rating: 5. love all the pure protein shakes and bars.
Rating: 5. This is really the only toilet paper anyone should be buying.
Rating: 5. This smells really heavenly and doesn't give me a migraine. Shower stalls and vinyl curtains are extra clean in all 3 bathrooms.
Rating: 5. Best flavor. Enjoy.
Rating: 4. These are very tasty chips. A nice change from the regular lineup. My young child even liked them, which says a lot to me. Will buy again.
Rating: 5. You can taste the difference. The consistency of this water is "thicker" if you will. Natural minerals that help keep cramps in my legs at bay. These are the larger bottles and cheapest price I could find. Delivered to my door.
Rating: 5. These are quite tasty!! They are slightly spicy bc of the black pepper, but it is mild. They make a great quick snack, and having a resealable bag is great!
Rating: 5. I am addicted to these!
Rating: 1. Would give 0 stars if I could. I ordered these mangoes on the strength of the other reviews and the fact that I had tried and liked the Barefruit cinnamon apple snacks. Unfortunately, the order I recieved was awful. The fruit isn't crispy--it has a tough, leathery texture that is totally unappealing. Worse, there is a strong, bitter aftertaste that is hard to get out of your mouth. No one in my house will eat these, not even my son who loves all kinds of dried fruit. I am very sorry I wasted my money on this product. I was hoping for something light and crispy like the apples. Can anyone give me any suggestions for something better?
Rating: 1. Cheaply made Kcups. Tops not completely sealed.
Rating: 5. Always the best and the price wasn't too bad either with prime pantry.
Rating: 3. Harder than regular Cheerios.
Rating: 5. Awesome!!!! Came in great with plenty of code. Taste fantastic. I highly recommend this product
Rating: 5. great for kids it leaves their hair shiny and full
Rating: 1. Have 2 cats, neither one will eat it. Sniff, lick, small bite, then walk away. They chose to eat Blue Buffalo dry food instead. These cats love wet food, so its not a new thing for them. You own cats, so you know how weird and picky they can be. Avoid Paul Newman Beef Liver Stew. Looked disgusting. Both cats tried some. Within 30 minutes, massive vomiting.
Rating: 5. I started counting calories a few years ago, and subsequently lost 100 pounds. I finally learned that I can't "diet" - I had to permanently change my eating habits. So, I almost never buy candy bars because they are so high (on average 250-30 calories - the same as an egg McMuffin!) and there are much more filling alternatives. But, I do miss them and if you completely cut out everything bad for you that you like, you can't maintain a healthy diet. I've tried many of the 100 calorie bars, and they make an okay breakfast when paired with yogurt, but none satisfies that candy craving. Until these. These protein bars are 140 calories, but I found they are just like a candy bar with less than half the calories. And they are absolutely worth it! They're delicious. I also recommend&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fiber-One-Protein-Chewy-Bars-Coconut-Almond/dp/B010081PWI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fiber One Protein Chewy Bars, Coconut Almond</a>&nbsp;that are pretty close to an Almond Joy. Highly recommended!
Rating: 5. Our favorite brand pasta. It really does have a better "chew". Well worth the extra few cents.
Rating: 5. Just as expected. Came really quickly. Thank you.
Rating: 5. Love the tea
Rating: 5. Easy to make and taste great!
Rating: 5. Love this scent.
Rating: 5. awesome
Rating: 4. I always love the Brooklyn Beans K cups. This particular package had a few too many flavored cups for me, however. It was apx half flavored and half non flavored.
Rating: 5. When only paper will do Dixie Ultra is very strong, I have tried store brands but the quality is not there. Stick to Dixie.
Rating: 5. Best one!
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. I have tried home recipes, but nothing beats this formula for the shower! We use oil, and this keeps the tub from becoming slippery. And boy does it keep the faucets shinny and clean!! Wish I had this product all my life!
Rating: 4. Good price.
Rating: 2. I like the idea of this mix of nuts, but the flavor just isn't there. The pistachios are especially disappointing as they are pretty much tasteless. I expected the variety of nuts to have a variety of flavors that went well together. Sadly they all just taste mostly the same. I'm very disappointed in this one.
Rating: 2. They are delicious BUT very small. disappointed.
Rating: 5. We switched my toddler from Pampers Swaddlers to Cruisers a few weeks ago. The Cruisers are thinner yet seems to provide the same amount of absorption which is great. There is the slightest fragrance and even though my child has sensitive skin, it doesn't irritate. My child is about 23 pounds and wears a size 5 even though its recommended that he wears a smaller size according to their size chart. Unfortunately, the smaller sizes can't hold his massive dumps but a size 5 works. The only thing I wish the Cruisers had is the blue line wetness indicator like on the Swaddlers but it's not a deal breaker. We get the occasional leak at night but that happened with the Swaddlers as well. Nonetheless, we found that Pampers did not leak as much as other diaper brands.
Rating: 5. Great vaule
Rating: 3. Unless I ate half the box in my sleep, I got 2 blueberry, 2 strawberry, and 2 cherry instead of the 4 of each that the box says??????
Rating: 5. This product is easy to use and does its job. The container is a little hard to get open for this old lady's hands but since this is a bleach product one would want the container to be difficult for any small one to open.
Rating: 5. Really great. I had major ( wide excision) surgery on my thigh - months of SLOW healing by secondary intention ( skin just fills in over wound). I had to keep it clean, moist and covered. I was able to use this instead of petroleum-based vaseline every day. The area healed beautifully.
Rating: 5. Love this shampoo.
Rating: 4. This is a nice expanding file, but has the same problem most of them have. If you have the file filled to its limit, the flap will not extend far enough to fasten over the filled file. I thought I would like the bottom elastic closure, but after using this file for a while, I prefer to use an elastic cord that extends down the file instead of up. (I hope that made sense) Having said all that, the file is very sturdy. Tab inserts for labeling the sections are included.
Rating: 1. arrived completely melted and had to be thrown away. Should have been shipped in dry ice to protect the product.
Rating: 5. My favorite Annie's Mac & Cheese.
Rating: 5. My new addiction love this tea shipped fast
Rating: 3. The product is great. But I was disappointed to find that the prices on-line are not competitive with local grocery stores though.
Rating: 1. I can't believe people say this stuff works. But i guess we all have different skin types. So maybe it does work for them. But most of the lotions that you see in stores like this one that say eczema relief don't ever do anything for people who suffer with severe eczema. Natutal oils and butter is the best choice. But like i said. I guess for some people, it may work. But I'd advise to stay away from these so called eczema lotions.
Rating: 5. The is the best deodorant I have ever used. It is non irritating but strong enough to be effective. It is also fragrance free. A bit expensive but worth every penny.
Rating: 5. I've used half a box (all I plan on using....don't want 'Ross'-white teeth), and it whitened them up fine. Can NOT believe how well these stick to your teeth! I'd used the old style years ago that slide all around - these stay put! You really have to pull to get them off your teeth when the 1/2 hour is up.
Rating: 3. Taste is personal. I don't quite like the sensation. Feels like eating sawdust.
Rating: 5. I have a very sensible head skin, then my doctor recommended this shampoo to be used daily 5 days a week, shifted by another (medicated) the remained 2 days. For 3 years, this recipe has worked well. Both, hair and skin, are in good condition.
Rating: 5. Good food.
Rating: 5. Very tasty tea. Enjoy drinking it.
Rating: 5. This stuff has been genuinely awesome. I started putting about 2 teaspoons of this in my daily smoothies at the beginning of the summer, now being August, I can notice awesome benefits. I go to sleep easier, wake up easier, think more clearly, my mood has been way more stable, and My body just all around feels better. Too many benefits to name. I recommend getting this product(or any turmeric) and consuming a good chunk daily youll notice awesome benefits
Rating: 5. I buy these over and over. Each sponge lasts about a week. I use them in my kitchen and they have basically replaced any other sponge or dish rag. Easy to wipe down the sink and keep it shiny. I use it on the microwave and stove top. Gently on the counters, since it "cleans" by removing the top layer of whatever you're cleaning. I found this out the hard way when I tried to scrub a spot and now my counter is forever scratched up. So.... gently! :)
Rating: 5. I have oily hair/ scalp and have tried different shampoos. I did a lot of research and read about a lot of people using this one. So I bought it. I use it once per week and have noticed a difference within the first week. My hair is way less oily. I highly recommend this.
Rating: 5. I am using this as an all purpose cleaner and it has done just that. It cleans pretty much everything around the kitchen. I'm not sure what material I have not used it on. Since it is a natural product you don't have to be too concerned where you spray it, if it gets on your skin, etc.
Rating: 5. I (actually my family - I'm in college) owns a Boxer, he started having severe allergic reactions to foods a few years ago - he's eleven now. These allergic reactions caused him to become deathly thin, approximately 50 lbs down from 70. We initially put him on steroids, upon vet recommendation, he had a bad reaction to this as well. He lost all of his fur and began developing scabs on his skin. At this point we thought he was on his last leg. My mom LOVES Buddy, so she went to a holistic vet and they made a suggestion, it was limited ingredient freeze dried and unbelievably expensive. He grew back his hair but we couldn't get his weight up, that is until my parents took a vacation, I was left in charge of the dogs and decided to try something new (bold I know) I did some research and put him on this food. I can't speak for all dogs, but this food has worked amazingly for Buddy, and from what I've read plenty of other dogs with allergic reactions to food. Not only is it grain-free and high in protein, they use chickpeas and lentils rather than potatoes to add carbohydrates/calories. This results in an extremely tolerable food for dogs that have trouble with kibble. Buddy has gained weight, several pounds a week, even more surprising is that he's 11 (very old for a boxer) I highly recommend using this product if your dog has digestive issues, you could be adding several years to your best friends life!
Rating: 4. Could use a few more raisins
Rating: 4. I typically use Gain - Lavender laundry detergent and have for years. I've used it for no particular reason other than I really like the smell, it leaves my clothes soft, and my skin has never had a negative reaction to it. (I have sensitive skin.) I tested the Tide Plus Colorguard and was rather pleased. The scent was very faint to non-existent for me, which is fine. My skin, which is very picky, did not have a negative reaction to Tide either on my clothes or my bedding. As far as "color guarding" goes I honestly can't tell much of a difference between the two. Perhaps others who pay closer attention to such details can. I typically pick clothes that hold up very well over time & have only once in the past had a problem with a color bleeding in the wash to stain a white jacket (not using Tide). Overall, I'm happy with this product but don't feel compelled to necessarily switch. I'd say either products serve the functions I'm looking for.
Rating: 5. Awesome sparkling juice
Rating: 5. easy to use.
Rating: 2. I found this to sweet. If I had a double coffee it was O K
Rating: 5. These are great for the low carb diet. wonderful with hot sauce
Rating: 3. good
Rating: 5. We always have these on hand. They are so perfect for carrying snacks in the diaper bag, but inexpensive enough that if I forget them somewhere its no big deal. They wash up well in the dishwasher for repeated use. The lids are great. Fit well but come off without a struggle.
Rating: 2. I love coffee, but honestly these have no flavor. They all taste the same, like weak Unflavored coffee. There is a faint hint of the flavor smell when the cup is punctured in the machine, that's it!
Rating: 5. See reply for the green teal. All the same reasons for buying it. Also this is the only place I could find decaf tea.
Rating: 5. only soup my hubby will eat,besides homemade soup
Rating: 3. I like mild smooth coffee, but these were way too mild for my taste. They seemed kind of watered down, and I did feel like I was drinking coffee.
Rating: 4. great taste
Rating: 5. The anchovies were a good size and held their shape (did not fall apart when picked up). Can was easy to open, but olive oil easily spilled out.
Rating: 4. As the famous name brand with the sleepy bear on the box.
Rating: 5. Awesome! Convenient and healthy, filling, perfect for school or work. Loved it.
Rating: 3. Easy to use - but doesn't get the grunge
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 5. This was yummy, I bought this as part of my prime pantry box.
Rating: 5. The crisp citrus taste and its golden color has been enjoyed in our family for years. Not only did it help my kids cram for those college exams, it helps wake you up in the morning if you are not a coffee drinker. Now in the world of gamers, a must have by your side kind of beverage. And for those who need a science project for school, this too is what Mountain Dew can provide for your family. "Glow in the Dark Mountain Dew", with a few household products you too can create a large glow stick. As for me, I love it any time all the time as does my friends! Ample supply for those family picnics on a hot summer day. Pop a top, sit back and sip or gulp. Either way, you're a winner!
Rating: 5. I love this shampoo!! It smells so wonderful in the shower and when I get out my hair feels soft and looks shiny and healthy. I straighten my hair a couple times a week so it goes through a lot of heat trauma. I feel like this has been giving me better protection than a lot of other stuff I use. It's so nice that it's super affordable unlike higher end products that don't even work as well. I received this item free in a influenster box, but my reviews are honest and all my own. I will definitely buy again!
Rating: 5. If you like fresh, clean and non greasy daily moisturizer this one is definitely it. I do not wear make-up and apply this twice a day- it is great! Don't waste your money on other "amazing promises" keep on drinking water, keep your face clean and apply this and you will look and feel younger.
Rating: 5. Love these, first tried them on JetBlue! They are so nice for potato chips! And they make people look twice!
Rating: 4. This Vodka Tomato sauce is really thick (which I like) and extra tasty. It is such a good compliment to my pasta & just so hearty. I am so happy I got to try this! I will definitely be back for more.
Rating: 4. easy quick product to work with
Rating: 4. Faithful customer here! :) I am so happy Zevia exists. I gave up all soda years ago, but honestly... I missed it. Two year ago I learned about Zevia, and have been purchasing it ever since. Zevia comes in an assortment of flavors that are all quite tasty... natural cola, natural orange, natural ginger-ale, natural root beer, natural black cherry, and natural twist. My favorites are the black cherry, orange, and root beer. I have never tasted an aftertaste with Zevia. All the flavors are delicious. My favorite things about Zevia are that they are sweetened with all-natural stevia and don't contain any harmful chemicals. Also, I love the fact that there are no calories in it. Truly guilt-free! The only Zevia flavor I've seen caffeine in is cola. All the others are caffeine-free. I deducted a star from this product due to the pricey price point of Zevia. I still continue to buy it, but not as often as I would like to due to the cost. I have emailed the Zevia corporate team and they are responsive, professional, and friendly. I trust this brand. I hope you give Zevia a try. I think you will be pleased!
Rating: 5. The name cleanising conditioner may confuse you into thinking it will leave your hair overly moisturized..and some of them do...but not this one! It makes my roots grease free and soft. I love this stuff. I apply it by flipping my wet hair over and rubbing it in on my roots only.
Rating: 3. Disappointed
Rating: 1. Stale cookies with a marshmallow and small drop of raspberry jam on top of them coated in what appears to be once melted chocolate. I'm disapointed I wasted my money on such a terrible cookie-wanna-be. VERY STALE and was melted once which made the chocolate appear discolored and tasted terrible!
Rating: 5. always good
Rating: 4. very good
Rating: 1. The product doesn't suits for oily face
Rating: 4. Actually I don Like the taste. But I think it is good for my teech
Rating: 3. Product is fine and would be five stars - but was bought for 2 day shipping for Hurricane Irma, was out for delivery on 9-8 and then just disappeared til 9-15!
Rating: 5. Love love love these add them to my smoothies everyday
Rating: 5. Its another cost effective refill with antibacterial hand wash if you need to have the feel of cleansing off the hand. Shipper needs to take care of sealing off to avoid leaks.
Rating: 4. My favorite, ok price.
Rating: 4. This was pretty tasty, but I'm not sure it was actually any better than my usual trolley brand. For the price difference, I was expecting something more though I can't really tell you what that would be. It is unlikely I would buy this again as long as it is twice the price.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 3. Just ok
Rating: 5. Great coffee
Rating: 5. Excellent chocolate bar - the chili taste is minimal, just adds a little kick
Rating: 5. My favorite flavor by far!
Rating: 3. When I bought this I didn't read well enough to find out it was the variety pack. I usually don't buy a variety because I don't like surprises when it comes to my coffee. Some of them are okay, some not.
Rating: 5. Evil, just plain evil the way they make this beyond yummy popcorn that tempts you into eating the whole bag as it sits the the table while you stream your latest Prime movie find. It was gone before the end credits. Not fair! Make a bigger bag! Seriously, much caramel corn now has the sugar cooked to too dark of a carmel stage for my taste. This is in the Goldilocks zone - dark enough for a good caramel flavor but before any bitter off flavors develop. And, well, the cheese corn. It's cheese corn, what's not to love. Together in one bag - Midwestern snacking bliss.
Rating: 5. yummmm
Rating: 5. Don't buy these... they are addicting. You will be back for more...seriously.
Rating: 5. Yum!
Rating: 5. Tasty, even for multi-grain.
Rating: 5. Works well, but definitely doesn't last 7 days if you wash your hair every day. Still worth it though.
Rating: 5. ok
Rating: 5. Always a hit with the kids FYI This can be made with soy milk, only use 1.5 cups instead of 2
Rating: 4. Ok, sister liked it.
Rating: 5. Pods are very convenient for apartment dwellers with distant laundry facilities; no lugging a heavy bottle/box around! Does a great cleaning job too.
Rating: 4. Perfect to put in your child's lunch box
Rating: 5. Great!
Rating: 5. Wonderful flavorful coffee, no bitterness
Rating: 5. GREAT
Rating: 5. Does the job well no more smell
Rating: 4. Good quality and quanity. The price fits right.
Rating: 5. Great.
Rating: 2. Didn't like it. I think it is made for a sporty or very active person. I gave it away and ordered the regular Gillette deodorant. It works great.
Rating: 4. Too many flavors tasted the same. The peppermint is more of a product for when you have a cold or stuffy nose due to the strength. The vitamin C pops are my favorite item. Great way to decide what items you would buy regularly and for sharing with others to try as well. Overall, great price for a large number of items to try.
Rating: 5. Yummy
Rating: 5. Love, use as shower cleaner
Rating: 5. Great mid day snack.
Rating: 5. All as described, fast shipping, best price
Rating: 5. Yummy flavor!
Rating: 5. Love this stuff. Use it in my kitchen all the time.
Rating: 5. Perfect!
Rating: 5. My grandson was running a fever and not being himself. Fussy and whiney. I gave him the Clear, White Grape flavored Advil and about 30 minutes later his fever was down and he wanted to watch a movie and have popcorn. The best thing about it was, it was clear but still grape flavored. When he spilled it while drinking, it didn't make a mess and stain like the other brands do. I will definately have Advil as my number one fever/pain reliever for my little one. "I received a free sample of Children's Advil from Smiley360."
Rating: 5. perfect shape when they arrived
Rating: 5. good just right for my needs
Rating: 5. These are terrific. When you open them they smell fishy but when you rinse them that totally goes away. The do take on the flavor of what ever you mix them with. I made a chicken stir fry. It was great.
Rating: 1. Chalky. I thought this would be a cheaper alternative to Shakeology. Cheaper yes. But no where near the quality. Back to being shakeless
Rating: 5. Love it
Rating: 5. Can't believe I bought two of these for only $9!
Rating: 5. Good flavor and the price was quite reasonable. But I haven't noticed much in the way of whitening.
Rating: 5. Love this brand!
Rating: 5. These are one of my favorite snacks. I love them because even though I really, really do enjoy them, I can eat one or two and be satisfied, unlike with chocolate candy, where I start and can't stop. A bag of these lasts me a long time. They are fairly soft caramels, especially when they are warm - they do melt well. Sometimes I make my son caramel apples out of them, though I prefer to just eat them and will sometimes use that intention as an excuse to buy a bag or two. They don't stick in my teeth. They taste fairly rich- not as rich and creamy as homemade, but still, very good, with just the right amount of vanilla in the mix for me. These are a true classic. Always best when fresh though. The ones I have got on Amazon have been very fresh. These are individually wrapped. They are a great candy to keep in a candy dish.
Rating: 3. It kinda reminded me of teriyaki jerky. no differences flavor beside the sesame seeds.
Rating: 5. If you like strong ginger flavor, this is the best. And I can make two cups - I can re-use the bag for a 2nd cup of tea and it is still good and strong. And the price on Amazon Pantry is excellent.
Rating: 1. I was raised on Vernor's Ginger Ale and I have found nothing better. Since I can't find in near where I live I decided to give Blue Sky and try. Strange flavor. Not what I was expecting for taste. Ended up giving the remaining 5 cans away.
Rating: 5. very good and sturdy
Rating: 5. This is my favorite coffee! You can purchase this in their store, but it's so much more expensive. I've signed up for the subscription to have it automatically delivered every month. I highly recommend!
Rating: 5. It really helps the dogs coats, arthritis and they love the taste of it.
Rating: 4. Pill Pockets came smash do too rough shipping, otherwise works very well
Rating: 4. Love these , arrived with box completely intact , and they taste AMAZING.
Rating: 5. Good transaction. Product as advertised.
Rating: 5. Tastes right. This is my favorite flavor among Sanpellegrino sparkling beverage!
Rating: 5. Delicious. Would like to find the ones with coconut and honey.
Rating: 3. Too "sparkly". Disappears rather quickly.
Rating: 5. Its a very good product I use it for all my three kids , strongly recommend!!!
Rating: 5. Perfect!
Rating: 3. Decent floss. However, the quality of this product has slipped over the years. It used to be five stars. Now, The first few feet and the last few feet don't have the coating that helps the floss glide between your teeth. Hence the three stars. Ill be looking for a better product.
Rating: 5. Great!
Rating: 5. What can I say about Gevalia Kaffe that probably hasn't already been said before? It's everything a gourmet coffee should be - rich and robust with a deliciously decadent aroma that permeates the room while waking up your senses. I just can't get enough! The house blend happens to be my favorite, so when I had the chance to taste it again for free via PinchMe in exchange for an honest review, well... Can you really blame me for taking the assignment? It has a deep, bold flavor that's not too bitter. Add a dash of honey and a little hazelnut creamer for a smooth morning brew that's both fresh and invigorating. This will be my go-to coffee for many years to come! PROS: * Bold, rich flavor that's not too bitter * Delicious aroma * Fresh and invigorating CONS: * Flavor may be a little too robust for some taste pallets.
Rating: 5. They are good to keep the table clean. they have a nice Lemon & Lime smell that make the room smell nice. Frank
Rating: 5. fine sidedish
Rating: 4. Very satisfactory
Rating: 5. This lotion has totally cleared up my skin! I had mild acne and this lotion has made it all go away. I now use it morning and night and love it! I'm hooked!
Rating: 1. Came opened...gross.
Rating: 5. Quick & easy & tasty....Ordered several times.
Rating: 5. My gums are never sensitive with this mouthwash.
Rating: 5. Love the fresh taste of these pistachios, good buy for the money.
Rating: 5. a
Rating: 5. I just Love these. I really love them! Fan fav
Rating: 5. Wonderful and waterproof.
Rating: 5. We discovered these macadamia nuts while visiting Hawaii... and fell in LOVE! They are a delicious savory treat. These were a stocking stuffer for my husband this year, and they were a hit.
Rating: 5. One of my favorite tresseme conditioners. Hope they don't discontinue it, but expect they will. I know it is not one of their more popular lines, but I love it. I live in high humidity in Florida
Rating: 5. My husband loves these they were a part of his Christmas stocking
Rating: 5. works as expected, arrived promptly
Rating: 4. These are really good at giving a clean feeling after use; doesn't leave greasy residue. I think that they are relatively good at taming any itching and irritation. Only problems are that they give off a strong smell and sometimes leave you feeling slightly wet. Overall, they are worth buying and seem to be the best ones on the market
Rating: 4. The Marshmallow's are what make this edible the non marshmallow pieces taste like the box does only with a bit of milk...it's still worth it just pick out the marshmallows and have a wild night.
Rating: 5. there good, not as rich as some but there good. they were good presents for people. keurig brewers 40 count
Rating: 5. Just what I wanred
Rating: 4. love the design its easy to use. and i like the smell. but its not easy to absorb
Rating: 5. Love everything about this coconut oil. I use it for cooking. There is a mild coconut smell but you cannot taste coconut in your prepared foods. Great product, especially for paleo folks, and vegans.
Rating: 5. I recently tried the Tide Pods Free & Clear and wasn't sure what to expect from something so small! I have never tried them before and have always bought the bargain brand laundry detergent. By trying the Tide pods I realized that I use a lot of detergent! And the pods are a really neat idea-they dissolve right into the water with your load. Not to mention it has the great stain fighting and cleaning power of Tide! And it is perfect for sensitive skin with no perfumes or fragrances to aggravate your allergies! So glad I was able to try Tide Pods Free & Clear as part of the Bzzagent campaign for free!
Rating: 4. Son likes it
Rating: 5. Great bandaid. Actually stays in place.
Rating: 5. Nice, fresh yeast. I use it for making Amish doughnuts and homemade pizza dough. GREAT PRICE! I keep my pouch in a gallon zip lock bag for freshness retention.
Rating: 4. love the smell and it cleans well!
Rating: 5. Good purchase.
Rating: 5. tasted great
Rating: 5. I am a repeat customer for this shampoo. Nothing else on the market does not even come close to the quality of this product. I can entrust my cashmere and wool to this product. Rinses really well (quickly) and has the most amazing yet subtle scent. I can tell serious research and investment went into developing this product. A little goes a long way. I trust it 100%.
Rating: 5. Love it
Rating: 5. Softsoap Lavender and Chamomile - Liquid Hand Soap Refill, 32 Ounce Very good refill for my Softsoap dispensers. Thanks much.
Rating: 5. worked great
Rating: 5. I like this cream for my feet. Has a nice smell to it. I put it on my feet and put on my socks work boots and go to work with this cream on my feet. I am on my feet for over 8 hours wearing red wing boots. The cream does not feel greasy or anything while at work. When I get home take off my boots and socks my feet feel so much softer. I do this about once a week and my feet stay smother for that week. Will buy again :)
Rating: 4. Zevia Ginger Ale was my first experience with a soda sweetened with the natural sweetner Stevia. As a result of my good experience, I bought a six-pack of Zevia Cola from my local natural foods store. The associate told me they sell out very quickly. I will be purchasing other flavors to try as well. Taste: 3 stars - I used to be a huge fan of Diet Coke. There is a definite after-taste created by Stevia, and it will take a little getting used to. However, this is the case for any diet drink. Someone that is not used to diet sodas might not immediately enjoy them. After continuing to drink Zevia, the after taste becomes less noticeable. This soda seems a tad bit sweeter than a regular Coke and not quite a sweet as a Diet Coke. The cola flavor could definitely be stronger. Calories: 5 stars - No calories! Can't argue with that. Ingredients: 5 stars - It's all natural. If you aren't familiar with Stevia, look it up on your favorite search engine. The sweetner has no calories and is natural, unlike the Aspartame found in a Diet Coke. Overall Rating: 4 stars - When it comes to no calories and natural ingredients, I'm willing to accept a slight decrease in taste. That's why I'm giving Zevia Cola 4 stars. Unfortunately in this case, the cola taste is not quite as strong as it should be, and the Stevia seems to overpower the cola flavor. The only way to know if you'll like it is to give it a try. Amazon sells these for a better price than you will find in stores, but if you want to try it first, you can probably purchase these in smaller quantity at a natural foods store.
Rating: 5. Yum, yum, yum. Makes my greek yogurt tolerable to eat! It's cruchy and healthy and it just has a mild, granola like taste. Doesn't really taste like anything in particular. When I first purchased this product, I was nervous that it might someone have a pumpkin flavor because of the name of the product...but it does not! Made of great ingredients too! If my review helps you make a decision about this product, please mark it as helpful! Thanks!
Rating: 5. This is some good stuff!
Rating: 5. When you add these to water, it turns that water into bleach, or something? Better than just pre-assembled bleach, as it's easier to store, harder to spill, etc. If you need bleach, put this stuff in water.
Rating: 5. Since we have gone gfree our family is so happy to have a product like this!!! We actually began to eat it prior to going gluten free, due to it being void of all the dyes and chemicals most cereals have. We also include it as an on the go snack!!! Stays crunchy in milk too!!! Try it you'll like it!!!
Rating: 4. I subscribe and save to these. No fish flavor. I wish it was more potent EPA/DHA content.
Rating: 5. No aluminum and keeps you from stinking... enough said.
Rating: 5. easy to prepare only i should have let it rise longer
Rating: 5. Sun Maid is the chosen. Good delivery.
Rating: 5. I have tried so many eye drops with limited success. I can and do endorse this product as being incredibly helpful with my chronic dry eyes. I am going to let my eye doctor know about it and encourage him to recommend it to his patients!
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 1. I ordered this product one month ago and I have used it for 20 days until a week ago. I can`t see the diference between my teeth now with my anterior smile. I took a picture of my smile on the first day and another on the last day and It looks like I brushed my teeth with a whitening common dental gel. I ordered this brand because it has a lot of great reviews but I`m very very disapointed. I feel that I lost my money. I should save my money to make a profesional treatment.
Rating: 1. Not reliable. Within less thsn five minutes, it gives different reading with substantial variations. A waste of time and money.
Rating: 4. The case of Ensure comes with twist tops which is great if the person can't drink it all at once .Bottle design is good easy to hold .
Rating: 5. We all love it so much!
Rating: 1. You can taste the fake sugar in it. The initial taste in your mouth is good, but when you swallow, it taste gross!
Rating: 4. beans you eat em. then you go on long elevator rides. probably wouldn't buy from amazon (the product yes, frequently, I mean we live on the 8th floor) normally, I got a good deal because of a promo on pantry.
Rating: 5. Thank you
Rating: 5. Since it a hot day their warm and son and nephew like it like that.
Rating: 5. Delicious vegetarian bean soup.
Rating: 5. For the five day family vacation, I made bag omelets for the family, and needed several of them (22 in the family, and we served eggs most mornings ... they must be freezer bags ... if you've not made these omelets, check it out online. :O
Rating: 5. The ForceFlexPlus is really good, I prefer this over all the others
Rating: 5. my daughter
Rating: 5. Nothing better than an Oral B!
Rating: 1. It is too stale and sour. Never again will I buy this product. But MTR has good reputation on other products.
Rating: 5. These are nice, makes my clothes smell great~
Rating: 1. Came in today soaked with dish detergent. A total waste.
Rating: 5. I use these everyday....I should own stock in Swiffer sweeper dry
Rating: 5. This soup is very tasty with an nice slight kick to the spiciness. My hubby and I love it. I'm really glad Amazon carries it.
Rating: 4. Very natural looking soft pink blush with a mostly matte, lightweight finish. There is a minimal amount of sparkle. I shined a light directly on the compact trying to pick-up any glittery bits because I was convinced the blush had none, but I was wrong. In fact there are a few tiny twinkling elements in the formula but they are very slight and almost undetectable. Of course, if looking for lots of light-catching glimmer and shine, this may not be the right choice. This blush compact is smaller than I expected measuring just 2 x 2 1/2 inches and is a bit over 1/4 inch thick. The size makes it convenient to transport, particularly if traveling. Devoid of costly packaging, there is no mirror and although soft, the brush is small. I encountered no problems with skin sensitivities or reactions or it turning an odd color after being worn a while during the day. Overall, this is a good basic economical blush.
Rating: 5. nice smell, good size for price
Rating: 5. Great product.
Rating: 5. Accidentally ordered the reduced fat. Didn't notice a difference.
Rating: 3. comes with not sealed bag,
Rating: 5. Perfect taste and texture.
Rating: 1. I brought them for Great Niece and 9 year old brother was eating them like candy. He said they were good.
Rating: 5. Nuts are "brain food", a main source of protein and Vitamin E in our diets. These are delicious. I bought some that were in pieces for recipes and they weren't nearly as good. Like Brazil Nuts, they are also a source of selenium. They are also a source of calcium, iron, magnesium, zinc, fiber, healthy fat, a lot of the B vitamins, etc. Although I keep hearing that they are high in fat, it is a heart protective fat. What is not to like about them?
Rating: 5. These seem to be a favorite for my 2 young grandkids so I like to have these on hand for when they visit.
Rating: 5. Came in multi pack with other colors, loved them
Rating: 5. Keeps me from getting pimples. Good product
Rating: 5. Works !!
Rating: 5. This stuff is great, makes mopping so much easier. And cheaper honestly. I have a small area to mop so I was just using swifter wet pads. Now I'm using this and a regular dish cloth on my swifter mop and cut my mop time in half for sure. And feel great about the price. No streaks, clean smell.
Rating: 5. I love this soda. There are no chemicals sugar additives, and no calories. I am going to try their other favors
Rating: 2. not much flavor. I get more flavor from bulk grocery store nuts. Of course I should not have chosen lightly salted.
Rating: 3. Costco is better
Rating: 5. Excellent size
Rating: 4. Enjoyed trying the different types of coffee in the pack. There were several flavors and this is the way to taste which type of coffee pleases oneself and find out which flavors are like or not like.
Rating: 4. Thank you
Rating: 5. LOVE THE PANTRY!
Rating: 5. Prompt delivery and value package.
Rating: 3. The sock is fine. Sock. Singular. This is one sock.
Rating: 4. GOOD TASTE, GOOD FOR US.
Rating: 3. Kind of disappointing in these strawberries - I could tell that some moisture had worked it's way into the container because the strawberries were a little limp/bendy (fresh freeze dried products should be crisp and have a satisfying crunch when eaten in my opinion).
Rating: 5. Better than Eneloops! The Energizer Recharge Power Plus are 2300 mAh with slightly fewer recharge cycles than the Recharge Universal which store only 2000 mAh. These awwm to be the perfect balance of durability and lifespan.
Rating: 5. Good high priced
Rating: 5. Delicious - grandchildren love it.
Rating: 5. It has a lot of sugar but who cares. I don't eat it every day but have to have a spoon full here and there. Tastes great but you all know it.
Rating: 3. The chalk came unbroken and writes white. The only problem is that the chalk breaks very easily, much more than some other brands.
Rating: 4. good price for product , fresh tasting , but most of them were broken up not whole .
Rating: 5. No longer out of tea at 5 am...Thank you Amazon!
Rating: 2. I have been buying this brand for years. It appears that they have changed the jalapeno recipe. It used to taste like spicy cheese, now it tastes like garlic and onion. I don't even remember there being garlic and onion in there before, but now it is very prominent. I will not be buying this flavor again, which severely disappoints me.
Rating: 5. We use a lot of this. Natural nut butters helps me control how much sugar the kids are getting in their sandwiches and it tastes great. It is a little hard to get used to if you're leaving super processed nut butters behind but I love it.
Rating: 1. Shells arrived completely cracked and unusable as taco shells
Rating: 3. Kids loved them!
Rating: 1. Picked up a box of the new "organic" recipe locally and it's bad tasting! This one is worse than the blueberry box. I used to love it but won't buy any more because of the awful taste. They ruined a good thing and reluctant to order on-line in fear of getting the "new and nasty" recipe.
Rating: 5. better than expected
Rating: 2. Regularly huggies delivers but as the time goes by i'm being disappointed. For my newborn the elastic in the pampers was to tight and harsh on the babies skin causing rigged marks. Luvs for Newborns...At stage two and three leak lock held the pee but again left marks on the babies skin...to get a bigger size would cause it to leak at the sides.....little movers worked on a non creeping baby and was perfect. But now that he is a little mover the pampers does not hold up however it gentle enough on the skin and doesnt leave marks on the thighs....but it doesnt hold up to leaks...if i could take thepadding from huggies leak lock and put in the lil movers then that would be THE perfect diaper.....For now Pampers has stolen the show....Huggies? i bragged on you.....bk to the drawing board.....i don't want to buy pampers!! However I demand refunds for this product!!
Rating: 5. Yummy!
Rating: 5. DEAR SIR OR MA AM, H LONG TIME WAS EAT OTHER CAN I WAS EAT OUCH HURT CHEW I SAW WHITE HARD ROCKS HAPPEN SEVERAL TIMES BUT NOW MUCH MUCH BETTER CHEW NO ROCK VERY GOOD SMILE I LOVES NEW TASTE YUMMY HA
Rating: 5. Hard to find a reduced sugar or sugar free ketchup in our rural area for my husband who is diabetic. Have tried other brands that lack the flavor and depth of this product. Tastes like regular ketchup with no artificial aftertaste.
Rating: 1. coffee very bitter. made my wife & daughter cry and then threatened to deport my grandma. wtf trump?
Rating: 3. This product it's ok. Had a little problem putting it on.
Rating: 2. This item is a rare and special treat. For whatever reason Mauna Loa failed this time. I ordered 2 and both were of the same lot number and not anywhere near expiring. However the product tasted rancid as if the oils went bad. I also noticed the seasoning was at least double than what you get in a can. DIfficult to consume. Overall nothing to do with Amazon.
Rating: 5. These nuts are delicious!
Rating: 5. Delicious! Nice texture. We often add a few chives or other seasonings to the mix to change things up a bit.
Rating: 5. With dry yeast u make bread, And all kinds of pastry. Work for me. Thank you!
Rating: 5. Strawberry tastes great!
Rating: 5. love
Rating: 5. great for omlets salads and amazing in your homefries
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. Okay so these collars are kinda messy, in the the pheromones are like a powdery substance around the entirety of the collar, BUT, they do help with finnicky stressed sprayers. Also, unlike most collars, my cats were not trying to take these off. Big thumbs up on these.
Rating: 5. Carnation Breakfast in MALTED CHOCOLATE is the Best. Super difficult to locate. So glad I was able to find that this seller on Amazon has it. I am a repeat customer.
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 5. My daughter absolutely loves this n it's oatmeal. Win win. Good buy, will buy again
Rating: 5. love this. always have some on hand. try out the other dark roasts offered by starbucks (sumatra, italian, etc)!!!! They're all excellent.
Rating: 3. Good stuff
Rating: 5. just as advertised. Thank you
Rating: 5. Hard to write a review when something tastes this good!
Rating: 5. More snacks to take on our trip. Perfect for snacks or to throw in lunches.
Rating: 5. I buy these in the store and like them so much I wanted to share with you folks on here. Great balance of crunch with the butter and a delicious of spices and oats. I just love them. That said, you can find them cheaper in stores where I live, by the BelVita products.
Rating: 5. My favorite cookies
Rating: 5. I was quite pleased to find this in Pantry with a great coupon! I've always been a fan of Aussie, and to get it for just over a dollar is a steal! This is one of my favorite shampoos. It smells amazing, and you don't have to use a ton of it to get results. My hair is naturally very dry and baby fine, and this shampoo works great to give it some life. I will definitely get it again.
Rating: 5. There is no detergent that works as well as Tide and I have thried them all.
Rating: 5. Arrived exactly as expected and tasted very good
Rating: 3. These are ok.
Rating: 3. I really miss the foil wrappers :-(
Rating: 5. use it for waffles, works very well.
Rating: 4. My first try of this protein drink. I chose it because soy is not the main protein ingredient. Flavor is not exceptional but I am happy with the extra protein and the minimum soy. I mix it with coffee or add extra cocoa to it. It just arrived. I drank one can yesterday. We will have to see if it creates gas. Will report again later.
Rating: 5. What could possibly be bad about something with the words double & chocolate in it?! So yummy they didn't last long in our house!
Rating: 5. My dog loves this food.
Rating: 5. This is my favorite tea for my Keurig machine and I drink it everyday. I have this on Subscribe & Save and the price is slightly better than the local grocery store. I would highly recommend.
Rating: 4. Work well and smell nice but they seems to get used up pretty fast so I'm replacing them often.
Rating: 5. I found this body wash in a grocery store so was skeptical. I get itchy skin if my body wash isn't moisturizing. Well let me tell you. I have no itching and sometimes I even forget to put a body moisturizer on afterwards and I'm fine. I really love it. Great scent, even makes lots of bubbles. And it's inexpensive to boot.
Rating: 5. These cheetos ars great. Love them.
Rating: 5. Fantastic coffee. Nice strong, smooth flavor. Will definitely order again!
Rating: 4. I didn't have any issues with the sensitivity that other people have complained about. If you do not have problems normally with cold foods, you probably will be fine with these. The product whitens my teeth nicely after only a few uses. I just wish they didn't have to stay on so long (30 minutes) to do the job.
Rating: 5. I have a mutated gene which makes me severely vulnerable to toxic metals. This is good rice. I was using another brand prior and after switching, my health improved. If you value your health and wish to avoid chronic disease... this rice is a good choice. Would be cool if our government would stop allowing our foods to be poisoned though... "A nation that destroys its soils destroys itself." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Rating: 4. my cat won't eat many wet cat foods and i keep going thru brands. for some reason she will eat this one. go figure!
Rating: 5. Great, worth every penny.
Rating: 5. De-lish! Just the right size to heat up in a coffee cup and sip on a cold day in the office. I don't know what canned soup manufacturer's have changed, but no matter how I make them lately, the milk separates and is unappetizing. This soup is nice and creamy, evenly blended, tasty, and so handy. Despite its smaller portion, the soup has enough body to it that it's more filling than than instant soup packet in a cup mixed with 8 oz of hot water. Though the sodium is a tad high for me (I'm just not 'salt people,' as my Grammie would say), the smaller size means that's all I'll have of it, as opposed to purchasing the more frugal quarts that I then over eat. I sent a case to my daughter at university as well. She loves it after a brisk autumn bike ride around the lake. As people tend to read more product reviews than seller reviews, I'll add that CG trade was a great seller to work with when a small shipping issue was encountered with one of the cases. I'm more than satisfied and will buy this soup from them again.
Rating: 5. Switched from Coffee to this. Love It!!!!!
Rating: 5. Yum and the price was a good buy.
Rating: 5. Taste amazing
Rating: 5. Great quality
Rating: 4. my husband really liked these for breakfast.
Rating: 5. I am never disappointed with Pacific Organic Chicken Broth. It has great taste and and consistent quality. I was so happy to find it in the 1 cup size as it is great for all types of cooking. Please keep offering this product.
Rating: 5. Makes the dishwaser work better and eliminated the soap scum/lime build up that I had been fighting for a long time. Wish I had known about this a long time ago.
Rating: 5. Excellent quality, exactly as described, really happy with product, quality and the way that was delivered.
Rating: 5. Like this tea
Rating: 5. Just how I like pretzels.
Rating: 3. So I love it! But it came open. So when I took it out of the box, half of it dumped out on the floor. So what I do have is good, but disappointed that it came open.
Rating: 5. very fresh and good deal
Rating: 5. I love the smell. Its my all time favorite. The scent last a very long time
Rating: 5. ok
Rating: 5. Great for breakfast or snack
Rating: 5. If you don't love this granola then you should just stick to burgers and fries and potato chips. This stuff is great straight out of the bag, with a bowl of milk, or turned into hot oatmeal. Yum
Rating: 5. love it
Rating: 3. Not strong, actually, don't smell anything.
Rating: 5. What I expected and wanted.
Rating: 5. Love the cereal
Rating: 5. I really liked it, the flavor is great and the coffee is strong! NO BITTERNESS! FINALLY! YES!! lol. I'd recommend it if you've been searching for a good cup of coffee for too long like me!
Rating: 5. Nice quality product
Rating: 5. Great on the go snack!
Rating: 5. We received this item very fast and we love it!! Thank you!
Rating: 5. Last night I visited a nearby Fresh and Easy Market and picked up an eight-ounce can of Dynasty Sliced Water Chestnuts. I know, they're an item that is traditionally used in Asian foods. I use them as an addition to the veggies part of a low-calorie prepared meal I get at Fresh and Easy. They're very low in calories, delicious, non-fat and add a bit of fiber. In short, they add a little bulk to the meal at a time when I'm on a modest diet and want to fool by body about the food that it's taking in. It seems to be working. I've dropped ten pounds in the last two months. Plus, these are very good water chestnuts and I'm enjoying them. Gary Peterson
Rating: 5. This is the best soap for your face and body! My three kids use it and we all have nice skin. Perfect combination for the face. It is not drying at all and it doesn't feel waxy or lotion-y on the face or body. Your skin feels clean after use. Been using it for years and won't use anything else.
Rating: 5. So delicious! My favorite olives and a good price compared to the small jars you normally find them in.
Rating: 5. Very nice. I was pleased.
Rating: 4. Thanks
Rating: 5. Yum!
Rating: 5. Beef Jerky rules. Came quickly and well priced.
Rating: 5. I love McCormick spices especially the Mexican one! Great to use when I'm making Mexican dishes.
Rating: 3. Organic but too sweet (for my taste).
Rating: 4. This is box pasta, if you have eaten box pasta you know what you are getting, 4 stars because box pasta can never really be five stars given it's not fresh.
Rating: 5. As good as Pringles should be. Fresh. Hubby and grandchildren enjoyed them.
Rating: 5. If you love chocolate, you're going to go crazy over these Cheerios. By far the best chocolate cereal out there. We even munch a bowl of them dry while we watch tv in the evening. A great desert. These boxes are huge and the price is incredible.
Rating: 5. Yummy and tasty and refreshing!
Rating: 5. Feels amazing. Calms my itchy skin.
Rating: 5. This flour is just perfect for baking!
Rating: 5. Great to have on hand.
Rating: 5. Great fragrance, and helps my psoriasis MUCH better than even non-toxic shampoos...
Rating: 5. It smells so good! It works descent. Not good for getting off tough marks. But works great for an overall general clean. I've used it on everything, Glass, walls, dusting, Desk, even sprayed a little on my mattress. It sort of smells like Febreeze.
Rating: 3. Nutella is great, as always but the sticks are so flimsy that they always break. We won't purchase these again.
Rating: 3. i like the way this product works for scouring but it gets a strange metallic smell that stays on your hands after a few days of use.
Rating: 5. Wonderful!
Rating: 5. Just like soft cloth and super absorbant.
Rating: 5. Great band-aid! This big fella sticks real good! Remove it with a quick jerk as it can remove hair.
Rating: 5. Amazing honey! Got four bottles. We order more when I start to run low. Thank you!
Rating: 3. it's a nice product and next time kindly check the expiry date before you have it shipped to the customer
Rating: 5. Good order again ,
Rating: 1. I'm the hospital and Thailand packaged, no source listed junk appeared on tray. Foreign insecticides? Labor practices? Foreign fertilizers, human sung?
Rating: 5. This milk rocks! it is remarkably creamy and delicious. It has changed my son's life. He is a new person. Now, he gets better grades in school, has more friends, and always wins at football. Please keep this remarkable product on Amazon prime.
Rating: 4. Smells great, but expensive. The container looks bigger in the Amazon photo, so check the actual amount of soap.
Rating: 5. Yummy
Rating: 5. My wife personally asked me to write a review because she loves this stuff. We have an old yorkie who seems to pee everywhere. Apparently this product works instantly (5mins) and better than any of the other stuff she has tried. Its quick and doesn't smell "chemically" as she put it. Got the yellow out of the marble floors and rugs he frequents. I don't want to lose the dog so im going to have to stock up on this.
Rating: 3. The test is very good but the texture is very dry definitely something you dunk
Rating: 5. i like it!
Rating: 5. It's fresh, it's good. However, the same staff cost about half in COSTCO.
Rating: 5. great deal
Rating: 5. By far my favorite
Rating: 3. I used to buy these at target. I love the texture (chewy, love all the flavors)and taste but it's true, there are tinny! about half of the size of a regular granola bar and I think the only put 5 piece in a normal package. I only buy them when I get a good deal on them so if you are able to afford them and don't mind a couple of seeds in your teeth, I recommend to try them.
Rating: 5. I love this stuff. The price was right and it tastes soo good!.
Rating: 3. not as good as when I was a kid.
Rating: 5. Great product, love that we can choose what to hang from it
Rating: 5. Everything is fine and as expected.
Rating: 5. Unsweetened and yummy! Very good price, I have purchased this twice and will again. Use it as a snack and in baking.
Rating: 5. Nice razor blades, nice price
Rating: 5. Yummy!
Rating: 1. If I would have known they added sucralos to it I would have never bought that. With lemon hint I figured it would be without any fake sweetener. Never buy again. A little lemon flavor in water doesn't need added fake sweetener.
Rating: 4. good
Rating: 5. great price for a family sized bag of chips!
Rating: 5. The last 2 buckets were much better than the 1st 2 we got a couple of months ago, these tubs are more creamy & better tasting
Rating: 5. Excellent.
Rating: 4. This is a great product. I ate it with peanut butter. It would help if they made them a little stronger. I found that they break so easily is hard to put something on them.
Rating: 5. yummm for a campfire for smores. They were fresh, soft and delicious. Love the pantry box buy. A definitely buy this one again!
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. Love the Country Roast very smooth and can adjust as I desire for strength
Rating: 1. The coffee is delicious but the cups crush, rather than puncture, in the Keurig machine and most won't brew. I ended up throwing most of them away. Bad design I guess.
Rating: 5. These work great for daily cleaning of the kitchen and bathrooms.
Rating: 5. Love it yum 100% get this
Rating: 4. These are a wonderful change from other snack foods. I gave them only four stars for two reasons. The first reason is that the price is high per ounce/bag. The second is that the chips in two bags were soft/stale. I don't know what happened to those two bags because they were sealed just as well as the others.
Rating: 5. Grand daughter loves Motts applesauce.
Rating: 5. Taste great.
Rating: 4. I love this product
Rating: 5. Great for what hurts, muscle wise. Have used before and is hard to find.
Rating: 5. so good. really liked these
Rating: 3. Not sheets like I expexted
Rating: 4. Excellent product - no question! Sells at a good price but only through Prime Pantry. Would give 5 stars if could get this deal without having to use Prime Pantry every time.
Rating: 2. These bags feel very very light and flimsy, I am having a very hard time trusting them. I find myself double bagging them for fear of them bursting open. I will never buy them again, they may be tough and sturdy but they sure don't FEEL like it.
Rating: 5. When I find these in the store they only sell 3 or 4 packs and they always come with a dispenser. The bulk shipment means I don't have to go out to find these in the store and there is no waste of an extra plastic dispenser.
Rating: 5. Cleans glass sparkling clean. No streaks!
Rating: 2. What did you do to the flavor ?it tastes different for bad not for good, I hope is only the batch I receive and not permanent.
Rating: 4. Sweet caramel flavoring is delightful, but overwhelming after a couple cups.
Rating: 5. These are very tasty even my mom likes them so I bought her some more...she is old school Asian n tends to stay away from Americanized foods
Rating: 5. Most of the Bai waters are tasty but this one is by far my favorite! Can taste the raspberry & coconut. Love it. This is my go-to water.
Rating: 3. I will not get this flavor again, I like the ones with fruit and cinnamon they pair well with almond milk.
Rating: 5. Highly recommended! I am addicted to this product
Rating: 5. Love the paper towels
Rating: 5. Perfect as always
Rating: 5. good ole sos
Rating: 5. Very good
Rating: 5. Love it!
Rating: 5. I've been having a hard time finding this flavor in stores so I was very happy to see it on Amazon. I've always loved this flavor, especially soft set with ice chips when I was running a fever as a child.
Rating: 5. I really like this item, and it cleans the stain on my teeth, it is so good! and I used it once a week, otherwise my teeth will become very sensitive and it hurts.
Rating: 5. A great snack to have around.
Rating: 3. These are identical to the protein mix, only slightly more expensive.
Rating: 3. worked like batteries
Rating: 5. Tastes great. If you like beef jerky and like the taste of salmon, you will like this salmon bar.
Rating: 5. Replenishing my supply
Rating: 4. UPDATE: After using this a while, I'm beginning to really like it. I just had to use a bit more of it than I thought to see it make a difference. Also, sometimes I combine it with a little bit of an overly scented product I have (but like) so there is a SLIGHT hint of a scent at the end of the wash cycle. (original review) This is one of those products that gets a lot of great ratings and I'm not sure why.... but it might be better than some of the coconut-based soaps that tend to build up and make things smell bad over time.
Rating: 5. we like it
Rating: 5. THE BEST SUMMER TIME SHAMPOO AVAILABLE ON THIS ONLINE MARKET PLACE. WHAT AN EXPERIENCE IT IS.
Rating: 4. Good, not great. I prefer the lentil chips which are awesome imo.
Rating: 5. Love these brushes. Nice and soft for my sensitive gums. Great tooth brush for the money. 10/10
Rating: 2. Smells good, but every single bag has ripped on me while I am placing it inside my trash can for use. Not what I expected from a Hefty product.
Rating: 5. Good quality and perfect service.
Rating: 5. Much better than goldfish
Rating: 5. Good soda, good price. I love buying from Amazon Pantry.
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. My spouse has been volunteering in a kitchen, and came home with a filthy white chefs coat. Front splattered with food and grease stains. Seeing the writing (or rather, the grease) on the wall, I ordered this stain remover around the same time that I ordered the chefs coat. Unlike some stain removers where you can let the remover sit on the fabric for hours, this must be washed within minutes of spraying it on. It works. The coat is back to being a pristine white, ready for the next shift.
Rating: 5. This is the best stuff I has ever used keeps my dishes from getting cloudy.
Rating: 4. Not as good as Quaker brand but nearly.
Rating: 5. Much tastier than I was expecting
Rating: 5. I have been using this product for some time and i am satisfied.
Rating: 5. This sauce is LIFE changing, I will literally never go back to mayonnaise again after this!!
Rating: 5. This is some of the best lubricant oil that I've ever used. This K-Y Lubricant has a cool tingling feeling in the beginning but after a 1 minute or 2 it begins to heat up and it's a wonderful feeling I would definitely recommend this to those that like to spice things up in their romantic life. Thanks k-y community for letting me try this for free it was so worth it :)
Rating: 5. much cheaper. fast shipping.
Rating: 5. It smells really ....... really nice!
Rating: 2. This was mostly powder and strawberry bits. However the bits and powder tasted very good. In the future I will purchase from another company.
Rating: 5. My favorite tampons ever
Rating: 4. Good quick snack, easy for on the go. Not as healthy as they would like you to believe but they are a much better option than regular potato chips.
Rating: 4. Cartons are really small always have to use 2 but great product
Rating: 5. Delivered as promised. Soothing pleasant taste.
Rating: 5. I have tried them all, and to me, this is the best!
Rating: 5. It's embarrassing how much I love sour patch kids and now that they are available through Amazon Pantry I think my waist line may be in trouble. These little suckers are the perfect punch of sour and sweet and I think they are amazing. This bag is a really nice size - you can get caught eating them and not feel guilty for not sharing, or conversely, not feel regret for sharing. These are the traditional flavors which are, of course incredible (the red ones are my favorite.
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 2. Awesome cookies. 3 stars off for the packaging. Our family loves these cookies, we have been buying them since kashi released the product. The box these arrived in looks exactly like the box we usually buy, I guess I did not pay attention to the actual ounces. Before this order, there where always 3 pockets containing 4 cookies each, for a total of 12 cookies per box. This box is mainly dead air space with 2 pockets containing 4 cookies each. 8.5 ounces is 8 cookies.
Rating: 5. Apparently these cookies are delicious because they were gone before I could get one. Haha! My daughter and grandkids demolished them. :)
Rating: 5. great as expected
Rating: 5. Love these! Clean everything with these- doorknobs, counters, around the pet food dishes, you name it, i clean it with these. Keep one in the kitchen and each bathroom.
Rating: 5. Great product at a great price
Rating: 2. 4 of the 20 strips were defective: they would not stick to my teeth. I don't believe there is a problem with the product. I believe that the product was mishandled in storage prior to shipment. From Amazon I would like: 1) Assurance that your health products are not "stolen" merchandise that is being re-sold through Amazon by 3rd parties? 2) Replacement of the defective strips or refund for the portion of my package which was defective. Signed: John Medders
Rating: 5. I love this product! For those of us with rampant allergies, having no added scent is essential. I highly recommend any and All (get it?) of their unscented laundry detergent formulas. The addition of Oxi makes it very effective against the heavily soiled fabrics that come with pets and/or kids. Plus, it's OK to use in front-loader washing machines. Give it a try, why-don't-cha?!
Rating: 5. Everything arrived as expected Great Company
Rating: 1. SAMPLE SIZE AND I PAID DOUBLE WHAT IT IS NOW.... NOT A GREAT CLEANER EITHER JUST TIRED IT MY SKIN HAS A """"FILM ON IT"" HAVE TO RE WASH IT
Rating: 5. Good!
Rating: 5. I have always been a fan of all dove soap. My daughter and husband have very sensitive skin and cannot use most products but this one is wonder full for both their skin.
Rating: 5. These are very thin and crispy crackers with an excellent, slightly sweet flavor. They are somewhat irregularly shaped, so you might not want to use them for tidy little hors d'oeuvres. 95% arrived broken. I would buy them again but purchase them locally to avoid breakage.
Rating: 5. Liquid Dawn in by far the best detergent.
Rating: 5. This works great for energy and it tast good too
Rating: 2. PRODUCT OF CHINA.
Rating: 5. I was raised in a house with a different brand of toothpaste. (Rhymes with best). I used it all through my life until a few years back when I started having some sensitivity. My dentist offered a sample of this, and I was sold. I like this version more than the others, and I like that this is sold in a 2 pack. Great value and quality.
Rating: 5. The BEST chili, I don't buy the 97% fat free because the less processed the better, I can skim the fat off myself.
Rating: 1. Bugs in many of the Dececco packages I've bought. Switching to a brand that has sealed packaging.
Rating: 5. Very tasty.
Rating: 5. quicker to cook then regular oat meal. taste fresh.
Rating: 5. Excellent value. I love the taste
Rating: 3. Good coffee, but too many mixed flavors. There are not enough that are just different mixes of good, black cofffee.
Rating: 5. High quality.
Rating: 5. We love these in out cat box area. They take the edge off of the things that come out lf the rear end of cats.
Rating: 5. The only Formula that my Twin babies were able to tolerate.
Rating: 2. Does not shave close at all!
Rating: 4. Do you really pack soup on top of crushable items?
Rating: 1. They wipes themselves seem to do a good job, the smell is highly over powering though and both my children have broke out with a rash after using them. I have used pampers and huggies scented wipes without any issue in the past. I won't buy the scented again, but will try the Unscented in the future. But for now these won't be used in my house and I hesitate donating them in fear that it will cause another child to break out.
Rating: 4. I like the taste. Nice cinnamon flavor. It could have been a little bit sweeter or better coated.
Rating: 4. great product fast shopping Thanks so much
Rating: 5. Great flavors..
Rating: 4. This is a great shake for the nutritional profile. Does it taste fantastic? Well no, put it is definitely palatable. Most people drinking this shake will appreciate that it is low in sugar and high in protein, which does not always make for the best taste combination. But, with that said, I drink it often as it's a lot better tasting than the alternatives!
Rating: 4. My daughter wasn't a fan... she thought they were too crunchy... (fair enough as she has braces...) But I enjoyed them very much -- has a nice flavor ... reminded me a bit of a Almond/Cranberry Biscotti to dip in coffee.
Rating: 5. These drinks are delicious!!! And so much healthier than other energy drinks. I wish they were available just regular prime in this 4 pack
Rating: 4. I have thinning hair which I keep clipper-short, and use this to get the hair on top of my head to spike up a bit on my hairdressers recommendation - I previously wasn't using any product and my hair looked ridiculous by the end of the day. It works perfectly for this purpose with little fuss in the morning, although like many products it doesn't feel great when you (or anyone else) touches your hair.
Rating: 5. These are awesome! Really gets good suds, better than any other sponge.
Rating: 5. This one has a small bite to it.
Rating: 1. These bags are horrible. About half of them ripped open before I could even use them!
Rating: 5. The smell is heavenly! I've always liked Olay products so it was no surprise to find that this one is great too. It works well and doesn't feel too greasy after as it absorbs fairly quickly. As I tend to keep lotion all over the house, I buy various kinds. I've found that some burn my skin but this one is perfect for my sensitive skin. It doesn't make the fibromyalgia act up at all (which some can do for mine).
Rating: 5. Great Stuff
Rating: 5. I drink one of these almost every night before bed. It has a curious taste of honey and mint and actually seems to make me drowsy.
Rating: 5. If you try this berry flavor, you will swear off bottled water foreve
Rating: 5. Love it!
Rating: 5. Great!
Rating: 4. Falafel is always good.
Rating: 1. I wish i could give less than 1 star. this tea is NOTHING like earl grey tea i used to drink in the box of 50. the quality is awful, the smell and taste is not the same. i thought i was the only one with this problem, apparently not. Cant believe people would sell something like this under twinings brand. hugely disappointed.
Rating: 5. I love that I can shop on Prime Pantry and get great bargains on items I usually get at my local grocery store. A lot of items have prices that can't be beat and everything is delivered right to my door. All the Prime Pantry items I buy are all food items that I love and used over and over again. Yummy and good quality!
Rating: 5. Cesar is awesome! My beagles love it!!
Rating: 5. My S/O always complains about the smell of Carmex (I love my Carmex) so I got tired of hearing about it and tried this. This doesn't have any scent or taste which is great! It also does a comparable job. If you are looking for scentless, tasteless lip repair this is your product.
Rating: 5. love the feelings and smell
Rating: 5. It's a decent salsa especially for the price. It's good with chips and also good in recipes. I also like to use it in dips.
Rating: 5. Smells great! My hair is very soft after using product.
Rating: 5. Works for me
Rating: 5. Absolutely delicious! Not too sweet and has a distinct cocoa flavor that turns milk to chocolate. I'd rather binge on these than the usual junk food, an all day snack for me. Great deal on family size which is usually hard to find in my area. Will definitely purchase again.
Rating: 4. Taste good, best with another flavor.
Rating: 5. Great product no issues.
Rating: 5. This tea is delicious. Taste just like fresh brewed tea. Very authentic tasting. No calories, and just the way I like it.
Rating: 4. I like Method Daily Shower Spray, it helps to keep my shower cleaner between scrubbings. However, Amazon needs to pack their pantry orders better, and more importantly, safer. I've taken pictures to prove my point. Chemicals and food items need to be packaged separate. Walmart does a much better job, utilizing plastic bags and tape to insure nothing is damaged during shipment. Since I have chemical allergies, everything that soaked in the shower spray had to be thrown away. This isn't the first time I've had this problem but Amazon doesn't listen. They only want customers to renew their yearly membership, which is a shame.
Rating: 5. Works fine.
Rating: 5. Purchased a small case of these tomatoes. I used them for Pizza Sauce and they tasted great. The labels looked identical to the picture posted on Amazon.
Rating: 5. It is the best apple cider vinegar I have had. I use a little every day,
Rating: 4. These flakes are similar to regular special k, but a little thicker and crispier. Not as sweet.
Rating: 5. Great rice, love that it is organic.
Rating: 2. Had a strong chemical taste that I disliked. Didn't pour it down the drain but I won't be buying this brand again.
Rating: 5. Is there anything better?
Rating: 5. This is awesome coffee. My mother loves stronger coffee, so I keep her stocked with this brand.
Rating: 5. Really good...I try to limit carbs and calories and a can of this makes a good, nutritious , tasty meal.
Rating: 5. Arrived before I expected!
Rating: 5. great product fast delivery
Rating: 5. Excellent garbage bags that don't break or leak.
Rating: 5. Great cereal for breakfast and for dessert making. Item arrived in 'fresh' condition.
Rating: 5. During the winter, the choice of fruit for a smoothie or oatmeal is is so limited. I ordered these blueberries to add a little flavor to my oats and smoothies for that reason. These are really great! The blueberries aren't tiny and hard. They still taste like blueberries, and they don't break your teeth when you bite one. I'm usually hesitant to buy food on the internet, but when I saw that these came from Traverse City, Michigan, I felt pretty confident. I went to the cherry festival in Traverse City a few years ago and saw them preparing the cherries. This is a good company and a quality product.
Rating: 5. nice
Rating: 5. Works extremely well for a non-chlorine bleach; consistency is thick, making for easy pouring.
Rating: 5. I was looking for salt-free products and came upon Kettle Unsalted Potato Chips in my local Whole Foods, They are not only the best because the have no salt, but they're just plain better than most chips on the market. When you add the Amazon price, there's no doubt that this may be one of the best food values anywhere!
Rating: 5. My kids and I loves these! So yummy and healthier!
Rating: 5. LASTS A LONG TIME
Rating: 5. Taste good
Rating: 5. I bought these for my dad because he loves sweet potatoes. He loved them.
Rating: 5. healthy and has a delicious taste..
Rating: 4. Pretty good stuff, but I don't like the lid.
Rating: 5. Best box mac n cheese!
Rating: 5. I like PEPSI
Rating: 2. not my favorite flavor but for others it might be good!
Rating: 5. The mixture of sweet and spicy is positively addictive! It's crunchy, a bit chewy, and the perfect snack to put out at gatherings or pack up and take with you. The "spicy" isn't hot, it's more seasoned. The sesame sticks are a big hit with my crew, ditto the praline-coated nuts. We're all set for holiday snacking.
Rating: 5. NUMBER ONE RATED AND NO FISH TASTE THROUGHOUT THE DAY. RESEARCHED BEFORE I BOUGHT AN DTHIS IS THE BEST
Rating: 5. Thank you!
Rating: 5. A bit of a warning: they are REALLY dinky!!
Rating: 5. great price.. love the portion control size.. makes for a great take along snack
Rating: 5. I've been using Tide Pods Free & Gentle pacs since my son was diagnosed with severe eczema (Feb 2015). *I did receive a free sample AFTER having already tried this product* I had no idea that the harsh chemicals and scents that were in the detergents I was using, were causing him to suffer! While I can't say that switching to this detergent cured him, it definitely made a difference. There's no scent, so you're clothes actually smell like clean clothes, and not "Dandelion Mountain-Fresh Breeze-Rain Storm" whatever that is! The pacs are pre-measured detergent, so you're not wasting any extra. Before using these pacs, I used liquid detergent and it would run out so quickly. I soon realized I must have been using too much. With these, it's nearly impossible to use too much! Another benefit of these pods is that my husband has NO excuse not to do laundry. No measuring involved + eczema free baby = 1 happy mommy & wife :) #freesample #thankstide
Rating: 5. Good price, great product.
Rating: 4. as expected
Rating: 1. nasty
Rating: 5. Dogs love it coats are shinny got rid of the redness and there flacking skin
Rating: 5. Delicious snack that taste great!
Rating: 1. I didn't know I have sensitive teeth until I used this, and it was a painful experience. I haven't really experienced any sensitivity before with my teeth, so I thought if most people think this product is good, then my teeth should be able to handle it as well. I didn't feel anything wrong right away, but a couple hours later, my teeth bothered me so much that I couldn't focus on anything I was doing, it bothered me the entire afternoon and evening after I used it. The second day was better. It was bad, but I decided to give another try, thought if I use it before bed, then I wouldn't feel the pain since I'd be asleep. I was wrong, the pain waked me up and I had a hard time fell asleep again. The whole experience was really bad that I would never use it again.
Rating: 4. This is a nice treat for the infant. Of course its organic and has lots of nutritional value. She looks forward to having one everyday
Rating: 3. Too spicy for me, but the product was in great condition.
Rating: 4. thanks
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. WILL ORDER AGAIN, WHEN I SEEN THE NAME I JUST HAD TO HAVE IT, SINCE I AM FROM BROOKLYN, THE NAMES ARE WHAT CAUGHT MY EYES
Rating: 5. Works wonderfully in my Macarons, also made Almond Royale candy with this. Great sugar for cooking desserts & sweets as it blends smoothly and quickly.
Rating: 5. Love this toothbrush, I use it for travel rather than take my electric toothbrush
Rating: 5. I ordered this to up my order to $35 for the free standard shipping. My brother-in-law eats this every day, so I know he likes it a LOT. He praises this cereal, and the high fiber content is great.
Rating: 3. Its a bettert alternative for a snack compared to some other options out there but a little too much sugar in the bars for me.
Rating: 1. I have been using Glad wrap since before it was sold retail for I was a tester for products with Mysurvey.com and I have loved it since then and been a loyal customer until the last purchase. I could not get the cutting edge to work and I would end up having to cut the wrap with some other implement in my kitchen. I then called the company who had a special number to punch for this product. They told me to turn the roll around to roll from the other direction and now it is even worse! What is wrong? the UPC number is;12587 70441. By the way, a picture on the box shows the wrap pulling up from the way it was when I bought it. Lou at peachpunkin@hotmail.com
Rating: 1. Only gave it one star so I could reply. . This stuff is all gross. Not noodle texture nor is the rice. It's like eating rubber and plastic. It's horrible and over priced. Product is gross and I do not advise anyone to buy this.
Rating: 5. Totally solved my longstanding hard water problem! No more spots or streaks or film at all.
Rating: 5. Very good product.
Rating: 3. They were not as fresh ash the othe brand. They tasted stale.
Rating: 4. tasty, but a bit on the bland side. definitely a comfort-food item
Rating: 4. This really made my eye's refreshed
Rating: 5. gives water a much better taste
Rating: 2. no visible package damage, As each bag was opened, small pieces of broken chips. Yes, they did taste okay to eat.
Rating: 4. I returned the Hammocks because my tree was chopped down, nowhere to hang it!
Rating: 1. Not good for fine, straight hair. Started off alright, but after using it maybe twice, it started leaving my hair super greasy and it never felt clean even on the same day after my hair had air dried. Hair felt/looked disgusting, smelled great
Rating: 5. Easy to insert and deceivingly small in size, the tampax ultra can expand/absorb/hold much more than other tampons.
Rating: 5. I fricking love this stuff. I use to use the spray and wash stick but realized that a deoderant stick doesn't work on everything! I don't remember how I found this but I am glad that I did! It is easy to use, removes the stains, and has a pleasent scent. You jst have to squeeze the bottle a tad, scrub a little in circles and then wash it.
Rating: 5. I got to try Tide Pods HE Laundry Detergent Free and Clear for free from Tide. I am in love with easy pods! Since switching from liquid detergent to the Pods I feel like i'm not wasting so much detergent. It doesn't have any gross perfume smells. It makes my clothes bouncy and keeps colors bright. I have 2 daughters that are always making a mess and all stains of come off their clothes. I highly recommend the Tide Pods!
Rating: 5. I Lives these K Cups!! They all taste so good! They give you a variety to choose from and thy were all so good!
Rating: 4. It adds a little flare to a soup style known to be bland at times.
Rating: 5. This is a nice smooth tea. I bought it for my mom but have tried it and we both really like it. Will definitely buy again.
Rating: 5. They were for my husband and he said they were good
Rating: 5. This is wonderful. I love this product.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. Best pads ever, changed my period experience.
Rating: 5. Best smelling soap ever!!!
Rating: 5. These are by far my favorite wipes!
Rating: 1. The oil was bad it was brown in color not clear, I have use this product before and it always has been clear, I have use this product for about a year now and I've never run across this before
Rating: 5. Just what I expected
Rating: 5. Works well and smells wonderful!
Rating: 5. I have 2 boxers with sensitive belly's and they love this food.
Rating: 5. Yum
Rating: 4. Excellent snack for the afternoon etc! Mix M&M's with great combo!
Rating: 5. I've tried every canned tomatoe sauce, and Glen Muir is top notch. The flavor is delicate and not cheap like most canned tomatoes. Before you commit, you may want to pick up some at your local grocer and try it first. If you like it, Amazon has the best price I could find anywhere. With no tax and free shipping you can't go wrong.
Rating: 1. These were mostly twizzlers with a tiny sprinkling of the other candy. 3 of the lollipops were empty sealed wrappers, no lollipop in them.
Rating: 5. Our favorite flavor.
Rating: 5. Good size, party size bag, good value.
Rating: 4. Cute snacks! Great candy alternative.
Rating: 3. KINDA SMALL AND NOT WHAT I EXPECIATED.J.BROWN
Rating: 1. Pseudo natural offhand brand for Coke, Inc.
Rating: 5. It really works well with mild aches and pains and it has no odor, thank goodness. A few years ago someone wrote in saying it had the same ingredients as a very expensive face cream so I often use it on my face. It's light and feels like a moisturizer but I can't prove it take away wrinkles or removes anything related to advanced age. You'll just have to make the Blue-Emu test.
Rating: 5. got it for my bf and he really likes it - i like it because it has a nice subtle scent in contrast to some of those other overbearing men products.
Rating: 4. Nice, thick, and fast build up, but doesn't last ALL day, but still works as well as the $30 stuff!
Rating: 4. Excellent flavor, excellent texture
Rating: 5. Love Basmati rice and it is hard to get where I live. Thank you Amazon!
Rating: 5. Nice and fresh.
Rating: 5. This is our favorite morning treat! No need for cream or sugar when you buy these. They are the BEST!
Rating: 5. I like my potato chips to taste like potato chips. Thus. my preference among the different Kettle Chips flavors was for the Sea Salt variety. These are all good chips made from natural ingredients. I did share some small pieces with my cat who also liked them. These chips come in bags of 1, 1.5, 2, 8.5 and 13 ounces. It appears that the large size bags have the lowest cost per ounce for the chips. The only problem with the large bags is in trying not to eat all of the chips at once.
Rating: 5. favorite flavor
Rating: 1. I used this product on my car. Previous owner had dogs and that smells was horrible, especially once its get hot outside. So first I tried a few time spray things, to eliminate the smell, but it came back a few days later always. I read about a lot good things about baking soda, so I used it. It was great, eliminate the smell more than spray. Then, since this item contains baking soda plus oxyclean I thought it would be great. Wrong, very disgusting. Smell is very, very strong. I had kept the open window while driving. And since my carpet is black, I could see even after vacuum it, this product still stuck in the carpet. I vacuum it more than 10 times, still its stock. I understand why this product eliminates the smell because it will be stocked!!! If you have a light color, you never notice, but if you have black or darker color you can see it. I just cleaned it with other product to eliminate this product from the carpet. Hopefully it will be gone. Don't use this product, just use pure baking soda, it does way better than this product and cheaper!!
Rating: 1. These were flat! I just needed to get to them and found them all flat with no fizzy. Very disappointing and really way to much trouble to return due to weight etc. :/
Rating: 1. These are yucky - Do not take a thing like blueberrie anything. Cardboard flavor, I eat part of one threw the rest away. YUCK!
Rating: 5. what can i say about Dawn...we usually go to $Dollar Store for cheap imitations...use so much less...I'd love to get a great sale price on these
Rating: 4. I was surprised how nice this was for a "drugstore" brand. I usually purchase more expensive mascara but thought I'd give this a try because it was on sale. The brush is large and easily coats my lashes in just one or two passes. This layers nicely as well and after it dries just a bit you can do another layer and it doesn't get clumpy or sticky. It is not waterproof and if you rub your eyes it will flake but as long as you don't mess with it it doesn't flake off.
Rating: 5. delicious
Rating: 5. So yummy
Rating: 5. Real Grape Juice , tastes like childhood memory.
Rating: 1. I just ordered this based on the ingredients shown. Unfortunately, what I received is the stevia version. I do not like the taste of stevia and it actually upsets my stomach so I'm disappointed in the misleading product description. Update - March 2015: Amazon has updated the product photos to now show the ingredients include stevia extract.
Rating: 5. A
Rating: 5. sturdy!
Rating: 4. Great for stashing in your desk at work for a quick lunch. Super fast/easy to prepare. The pasta is a little chewy, but that's better than soggy. You'll need something else to go with it though as the portions aren't enough to fill you up.
Rating: 5. Great tasting granola bar with only 18 carbs (less than most granola bars)
Rating: 4. A
Rating: 5. These are amazing. I keep in the fridge - like them cold. Just watch how many you eat - not exactly low calorie.
Rating: 2. The bottom of the Quaker Oats was open at the bottom of boxes. Some of the oatmeal spelled in the box.
Rating: 5. it worked
Rating: 5. It's super convenient and impressive. It's great tasting sauce. The olives really come through, along with the garlic, onions and salted/spiced PERFECTLY. The only people that might not like this sauce, I imagine, are people that don't care much for olives. It also has just the right amount of olive oil in it to give it a very nice mouth feel. We first tried it alone, just out of the jar, and we didn't want to quit eating it but forced ourselves to, knowing it would be great on pizza. One jar makes a very large pizza with enough left over to eat with a spoon or dip. This sauce is so good that if you are anything like we are, you WILL want to sneak a spoonful or two. There's no seeds or peels in it. It's very well strained and it's cooked down so it is perfectly thick and luscious. I'm not sure what the final price point will be per unit, but this is a sauce that we like so much that if I could afford it, I'd buy 1-2 cases a month.
Rating: 5. I love this tea. It's a perfect energy shot in the morning or at the end of the work day. There's a nutty delicious quality of the dark green that I prefer to the lighter Oi Oicha. All three versions (Jasmine, Light and Dark) are good to have in the fridge.
Rating: 5. This soap smells amazing. It really makes your hands feel incredibly soft. I would totally recommend this soap to anyone with sensitive hands.
Rating: 4. The most important feature for me is the small pouch at the back of the waist band to catch poopy. My babies are breast fed so explosive poops are common. I would rather clean up a mess that leaked out the side a little than one that runs up their backs. No diapers are aboslutly leak free (as a lot relys on us to make sure they are on securely) but I have not had any issues with this brand. They hug her little waste the way Luvs do not (and I am a HUGE Luvs fan). I hope this reveiw helps.
Rating: 5. I love this gum. Great flavor and flavor truly lasts a lot longer than other gums.
Rating: 3. Too pricey. Very tasty though
Rating: 5. tastes great
Rating: 5. We love macadamia nuts. this is a good value and gives us enough that everyone can have some. yum, yum!
Rating: 5. Used for years.
Rating: 5. love the product Easy and not hungry for a while after.
Rating: 5. One of my favorite lotions I been using since I was younger
Rating: 5. Not sure why I waited so long to switch to electric. Incredible difference.
Rating: 5. yum
Rating: 5. These work fine.
Rating: 5. What did we do without Heinz ketshup
Rating: 5. A helpful aid to those with digestion problems.
Rating: 5. wonderful product; exactly as promised.
Rating: 5. This is great for the kiddos for snack time and was $2 cheaper then buying from my local grocery store
Rating: 5. They smell so good!
Rating: 3. I use Barilla pasta all the time and really enjoy it as a rule. This takes a bit of timing to come out the way I like it. First try, too gummy. Second try over cooked. Third time alright.
Rating: 4. Removes the makeup and leaves the skin moist.
Rating: 1. Product left a brown residue on my silverware, and a gray ashy residue on my white dishes that won't come off. Do not buy!
Rating: 5. My daughter is mixed and has some crazy hair most days. She uses this and depending on how her hair is acting that day it may or may not work for her. She does like using Aussie products for her hair.
Rating: 5. delicious
Rating: 5. Very savory addition to casseroles and crockpot meals
Rating: 5. ET wouldn't want to phone home with these, cant go wrong with anything Reese's.
Rating: 5. Crunchy goodness in every bite. Cut up a banana, pour your milk and great the day off to a good start. Great as a quick easy dinner with a couple pieces of bacon on the side.
Rating: 1. Caution! Contains GMO Soy and Corn ingredients.
Rating: 5. Delicious. Wish it was a little cheaper but the quality and flavor of the tea make it worth the price.
Rating: 5. I love Pellegrino water. The taste is marvelous and it seems to quench my thirst really well.
Rating: 4. Didn't know I needed them till I had them. Couldn't ask for a cleaner butt!
Rating: 4. My persian HATES THIS
Rating: 5. The convenience of these are impeccable! 90 seconds and boom!
Rating: 5. yummy
Rating: 5. Completely changed my son for the better with ZERO fussiness or gas issues within 1 day!!
Rating: 5. Read my review for the Hostess apple pies. Don't buy them! Does hostess have a new Owner since the day they stopped production for a while?
Rating: 5. Mostly, I like the size.
Rating: 4. These were crushed in my package, but they were still tastes.
Rating: 5. This is a snack food in our home, we love buying in larger box sizes.
Rating: 5. Love these
Rating: 3. They've worked well, although, don't last as long as I would like.
Rating: 5. Delicious!!
Rating: 3. We switched to Pacific Organic Almond Milk because our child cannot have dairy and we didn't want soy. Very good alternative, but the taste was much different than the brand we were use to in our local grocery store. Very plain even tho sweeten. But our child seemed to not notice much different, other than drinking it straight he didn't mind it. good buy tho!
Rating: 5. Smells good
Rating: 4. Solid protein powder.
Rating: 5. It states that the caress adore forever is an irresistible feminine fragance with floral musk and sparkling pink roses laced in amber. This one amazing body wash. Now when I say it smells amazing it do. The scent lingers and last like it say it does. It lathers up great so you don't have to use much. So would I recommend this product Hell yea lol
Rating: 5. Quality product + fair price + fast delivery = great deal!
Rating: 5. Classic favorite, good as always.
Rating: 1. These have a disgusting plastic aftertaste, along with a hint of rancid cinnamon and ammonia. Thinking I got a bad can, I opened another one. Result? Same disgusting smell filling the kitchen. If you vaguely described baked beans to aliens and asked them to replicate it, you'd probably get a can of Van Camp's. These do not taste like baked beans. There's no pork, either.
Rating: 5. it is so good
Rating: 1. These are soft but a lot of lint comes off of them. My face was white from all the lint sticking to it. I won't buy them again.
Rating: 5. This is a very very good and deliscius Coffee. I have purchased it twice and will purchase it again. I thinging of putting in on auto ship.
Rating: 4. I like the Tide product, and have been using them for quite a while. The cloth come out clean after using this product. But I prefer other ones with some sort of scent, and I would recommend those as well.
Rating: 4. Very convenient for a light meal and easy to prepare
Rating: 5. yes ! it works like wonder
Rating: 4. thanks
Rating: 2. I do not see a difference at all. Made my teeth so sensitive. I do not recommend.
Rating: 5. a perennial favorite. so much pasta I buy today is gummy and not edible. this is firm and just perfect
Rating: 5. Yummy enough Different than the big name brands but I like it. It has a bitter edge to it No Corn syrup and the size is perfect for a nice sized drink ^_^
Rating: 5. This is my favorite of the SodaStream Syrups....with or without sugar.
Rating: 5. MMM good
Rating: 5. Eh, like Spam? Nice with eggs and rice Oh so ono! Lots of aloha in da can.
Rating: 5. great product for the money
Rating: 5. alternately used with the spray. One or both worked
Rating: 4. The Blue Diamond Almond Nut-Thins have an unusual, nothing I ever tasted like, flavor.
Rating: 5. I'm addicted to the chipotle tuna salad, I literally take the entire stock every time they get any in at the grocery. I work on the road and it's perfect for that.
Rating: 3. Followed the instructions on the package, but my pancakes never end up nice and fluffy, and easy to cut. Taste is ok, but will be looking for a different brand or attempting making the mix from scratch.
Rating: 5. Good product
Rating: 5. Love it! Smells great and isn't really too strong of a fragrance. I hate strong smells and this doesn't bother me at all. It also feels great and I really like it for shaving my legs. My kids and husband also like it. I'm done searching for body washes, this is it!
Rating: 5. We like it same as in store but shipped to your door on Amazon
Rating: 4. I use this, and like it To be candid tho, I am 66 years old, but exercise every day, ride my bike, and eat very healthy. It does add some strength, as I work out and lift. Sexually, I have enjoyed it. Does it make a huge difference to me? NOt really, so don't expect too much, and even at 66, I have a healthy sex life. What I am saying is this....this is a supplement. I think anyone who did exercise, and ate healthy would notice an improvement, in many aspects of their lives. Also, I got mine at Walmart, same size, same product, for 10 bucks. Yeah, 10 bucks. But, for the money, check it out. Good luck.
Rating: 2. Title and description says 22 count but only received 20!
Rating: 5. If it came in larger containers or with filters for a whole pot, I'd order it that way. Hot or cold, very refreshing.
Rating: 5. Awesome
Rating: 3. some capsules work but someone's not work
Rating: 5. best facial lotion with spf in it. it is very costly in stores but through amazon a lot cheaper now I can get and use all the time. I recommend if you tend to break out this is a great lotion does not leave skin oily and does not make you break out.
Rating: 5. Love this hot air brush. It is easy to handle and styles my hair nicely.
Rating: 5. One of my favorite cereals at a much better price than it costs at my local supermarket. Not too sweet and stay nicely crunchy in milk. Also great to eat by the handful as a snack!
Rating: 4. Very good. Tasty cookies and very light in texture.
Rating: 5. Hmmmmm. If you like brewed hazelnut flavored coffee,but don't have time to brew, this is a great alternative. Brewed coffee has nothing on this instant coffee.
Rating: 5. Recommend!
Rating: 5. These choco bunnies are hard to resist. Open a box, it is very likely they won't las long. The taste is intensely chocolaty and goes very well with full fat milk.
Rating: 5. Love the convenience of having the refill size. Great smell with lots of suds power.
Rating: 5. I love virtually all products from The Laundress. Since my daughter has some new pullover sweaters (bought this fall) that have wool in them, I bought this for her to use for washing them. She uses this product for handwashing and says that it is excellent. It is a very concentrated formula and does a great job on the sweaters. They stay new looking.
Rating: 4. Little bit tasteless.. I add additional spices when eating..
Rating: 5. works
Rating: 5. I love the pH balancedness to this product. I'm not sure if other soaps are the same but I know it's important not to rub soap into your skin that is not. I must say I prefer the Island Citrus or the Honey Mango varieties more but that's just personal preference. Great body wash and shampoo!
Rating: 5. I loved how yummy these are!
Rating: 5. The more I eat this tomato basil soup ... the more I like it. It has as a really nice flavor.
Rating: 5. Perfect for tired feet!! I put it on right before bed so that I don't pick up dirt since it is a little greasy. Has a hint of menthol or something that is wonderful.
Rating: 1. PRICE IS OUTRAGEOUS , TARGET SELLS EACH 9 OZ CAN FOR 3.25 AND LESS ON SALE
Rating: 5. Oh the smell of this... quite satisfactory. I like how it leaves my hair soft & shiny. No flakes. This scent/version is a H&S winner! Get it!
Rating: 4. It works, but I hope the effect can last longer.
Rating: 5. My household loves this cereal and I feel good giving them a healthy, organic cereal!
Rating: 5. If you like chili this is a must have. Mine came fresh and I have no complaints. I will buy again.
Rating: 5. An incredible foot cream! I use it during the winter, at night, sleep with socks and my feet remain sort.
Rating: 4. does the job. just wish it didn't have acetaminophen ...
Rating: 5. Just what I expected, great price and fast shipping. Thank you!
Rating: 5. I have been taking this for about two months niw and yes I can feelva difference in libido..I started taking this product for muscle gains because I'm 51 years old and it helps in other areas as well..
Rating: 5. Nice protection in shower.
Rating: 2. You get what you pay for, I guess. It's very rough and uncomfortable.
Rating: 4. Just didn't care for the tangerine ones.
Rating: 5. Per my dentist, I needed to floss more or come in for additional cleanings. Clearly I choose the floss! This was a great price for the amount of floss. The glide floss doesn't cause pain and is easy to fit between teeth. Only downside is that each box always feels like it runs out too soon.
Rating: 5. I liked the 12 oz bottle. It was a nice serving size and had a cap too. The 16 + 19 oz are sometimes too much for one sitting. The 12 oz is just right!
Rating: 4. I received Nestle Splash free for sampling purposes, but all opinions are my own. I don't generally like lemon but it is something that I would buy and keep in stock. I also let my friend try it and told me I should definitely get some for my house.
Rating: 1. I don't drink sodas or juices, but wanted to try these. Bad choice!! These drinks are loaded with sugar and I ended up giving them away. Will not purchase again.
Rating: 5. Have been using this and the American Crew Fiber for about 1 year now. Love it.
Rating: 5. Yummo
Rating: 5. This is very good soup and at a reasonable price.
Rating: 5. All what i want to say is. THANKS CREST FOR THIS PRODUCT REALLY.. IT changed my life Im so obsesses with white teeth.. Oh my god the result is damn awesome Every part of my family asked me about my teeth after i used it. Lol then i bought it agn for them also for my husband and he loved the result alooot 5 staaaaaarsss
Rating: 5. My dogs love these!
Rating: 5. delicious
Rating: 4. I like the product....excellent quality....But!!!!!....You are far far too expensive ...I found the product for one half the price you charged me. I will not be ordering that product from you ever again....and as well I'll be comparing prices of other material more closely. I as well will inform my friends to the "HIGH" cost of your product. Sincerely Clayton C. Shortridge
Rating: 4. Swingline has to be one of my most favorite brands. Always high quality products that never fail. This hole lunch is so easy to use. Punches ten pages at once. Pushing the arm down is so easy. The holes punch clean. Tray underneath empties out whenever you need. Great hole punch.
Rating: 1. There is no scent. At first I thought it was just me, until my husband said he didn't smell anything as well. I bought it with the intention of burning it before bed time to help calm and relax the kids. U
Rating: 1. I ordered this product hoping that it did what it claims it will do I was so wrong this styler has a comb and brush attachment that are very flimsy and will not go through my hair it is very uncomfortable to use .
Rating: 5. This chocolate is great!! It's a dark chocolate with a subtle taste of coconut. People who like chocolates with 70%+ cacao content probably think it's too sweet. I am not a big fan of those chocolates as they have a somewhat bitter taste. My range starts on the very sweet side (white chocolate) to maybe just a bit beyond this chocolate. In any case, Lindt makes excellent chocolates for every taste.
Rating: 5. Very tasty and not over-strong, really good for mid-day and late in the day.
Rating: 3. I used to love this product and had subscribed, but the last few have been slightly rancid and much less tasty. I don't know if the producers have changed their processes, but the product is nowhere near as good as it used to be.
Rating: 5. My favorite. Tastes good. Tastes like sugar'd water, imo.
Rating: 5. used it in conjunction with beeswax to make hand balm. hand balm tastes great.
Rating: 5. Just what I needed
Rating: 5. This soup has been a family favorite for years. This particular one is low-sodium so that we can adjust our own preference for saltiness. I use an Italian Rosemary salt with it which makes it even more delicious. It's got a perfect creamy consistency and flavor. Pacific brand is far superior to the flavor of Imagine brand, in our opinion. Obviously, it's a matter of personal preference but for our family, this is the better tomato soup. The regular tomato soup is also GF and is a bit more flavorful if low-sodium doesn't do it for you. Nothing beats a grilled cheese sandwich with this soup.
Rating: 2. Don't Like It. It Has A Bad Smell. Does Not Clean Well. Not Worth The Price
Rating: 3. I'm a fan of Garnier products in general and I absolutely love the honey scent of this conditioner. However, I found it way too moisturizing and in a way that leaves residue on the hair despite thorough rinsing. I wouldn't buy it again. However, I went ahead and gave it 3 stars instead of the two star rating I'd felt it should get - because if you have very dry or damaged hair, you might like it. I donated it to charity after four or five attempts to use it. I didn't like feeling like I was using a leave-in product!
Rating: 5. Good semi healthy go to snack. Perfect for fishing because you can carry this bag. The handle is actaully sturdy which surprised me. Was a big hit for the kids, birds and FISH lol
Rating: 3. The best chips ever! The price went from $18 to $29 in just one year. They are good, but not that good. Taking my business elsewhere.
Rating: 5. Just received and started to eat these delicious peanut M&M's. They are fresh and delicious, received 3/17/2017, with an expiration date of 11/2017. Thanks to the good packaging from Amazon Prime Pantry, they all arrived in good condition in the large, 42 ounce bag -- not broken or chipped. To keep them fresh, the bag has a zip closure (available after you tear the top across and remove it). You don't need a scissors to remove the top as there is a cut on each side, designed to enable tearing. To prevent hands from repeatedly reaching into the clean M&M bag, I put several gravy spoons-worth into a sandwich bag for snacking, and then put the zipped M&M bag into my pantry for storage. At Amazon's value price you can buy this large bag and then use multiple sandwich bags for individual usages.
Rating: 5. I don't use anything else!
Rating: 4. Delicious!
Rating: 5. Great for clothes!
Rating: 5. If you have been having any "issues" with your dishwasher due to hard water, you owe it to yourself to try this product. My glassware was coming out all scummy. I tried Lemi Shine, and it sort of worked. Recently I switched to Finish Quantum, and it worked perfectly with no other additions. Note that you may have to clean your glassware first to give it a head start. I used CLR spray to do that. Be sure to get the Quantum version of Finish--other versions are not the same. (Product is also safe for septic tanks.)
Rating: 5. 5 stars
Rating: 5. I am presently recuperating from a stroke and like to have something convenient nearby for breakfast so I don't have to bother anybody. These Quaker baked Protein bars are a favorite and a tasty addition to my stash . So many different flavors/varieties and ALL are delicious! (Banana Bread Chocolate chip, Peanut Butter, and Blueberry are my absolute favorites . I even used them as a pick-me-up snack some afternoons.
Rating: 5. Received in a timely manner. The product does indeed have an advanced seal. Anyone who has tried these in the past, the strips begin to slip after a short amount of time. These do not do that at all. I have also had problems in the past with extreme teeth sensitivity. I am not sure if the chemistry is slightly different with the advanced version, but they are bearable to keep on. Teeth are noticeably whiter after two applications. Very happy with the product.
Rating: 5. 100% lime juice made with real limes. Tastes great, and just like youd expect it to be! Which in my opinion is just like the real thing but without the mess. The only time I buy actual limes is if I need the zest for something. What I like even more though, is the size of this bottle. I don't use it daily, so often I have found myself questioning whether a larger bottle in my fridge is still fresh/good, and have often thrown it away almost full because it sat in my fridge for so long. I feel better knowing I have less waste with this smaller size bottle.
Rating: 4. good pasta.
Rating: 5. the brand speaks for itself
Rating: 5. Not much to say other than it works. I've been using it for years. Every time I get the urge to try something else I'm disappointed and always go back to this stuff. No matter how my day goes it seems to keep working.
Rating: 5. I love the full fat version for smoothies!
Rating: 5. makes skin feel great
Rating: 5. I love these bars. They're really tasty!
Rating: 5. Always the best
Rating: 4. Good product as described
Rating: 5. Best coffee!!! Love the price!!!
Rating: 4. Ok
Rating: 4. Like it
Rating: 5. Great fabric softener and a great deal on Amazon. We always have to be careful what we use as some products irritate my wife's skin. This is a great product. Used a coupon and saved!!
Rating: 5. Liter
Rating: 2. Not really strong enough to make a difference.
Rating: 5. ok
Rating: 5. My daughter and husband LOVE this cereal. Sometimes my husband will go through a box in 2 days by himself. Perfect affordable cereal since we are all celiac!
Rating: 2. It's not moisturizing at all. It doesn't do enough moisturizing. I
Rating: 4. good value
Rating: 5. I had never tried arborio rice, but it's very tasty.
Rating: 4. nice
Rating: 4. Good. Not bitter like some
Rating: 5. Good product. Shipped on time. Will buy again.
Rating: 5. Husband loves them, says they taste really good.
Rating: 5. Makes great hot or iced tea.
Rating: 5. I have this in my morning smoothie everyday. I actually blend a week's worth of powder into a week's worth of yogurt and then freeze it in ice cube trays to make work-day mornings less messy. I add a banana, some frozen fruit and some water and it's a great breakfast. I tried to enjoy a glass of juice with a scoop of powder and it was not good. The fruit in my smoothie masks it enough. I'm glad to have this larger tub size in the Prime Pantry so I'm not constantly buying the smaller size. I do store it in the freezer and it doesn't freeze solid or anything. I'd like to think that it stays fresher longer in the freezer- as it's one of the store options on the tub.
Rating: 5. Our favorite juice
Rating: 5. Delicious! All great flavors. Sweet but not overpowering like candy orange slices.
Rating: 5. Delicious!
Rating: 5. Thank you!
Rating: 5. It's another attempt to feel virtuous by giving these to kids rather than "normal" sodas and juices.
Rating: 5. I love this coffee I drink it every morning if possible. It has a great taste I love to make it strong it has a great aroma and a great taste.
Rating: 5. Nothing keeps my granite quite so clear, but nothing chokes my family quite so much, either. So gotta use it well ventilated when nobody is withing smelling distance. However, that granite shines like brand new and nothing else works like it, and I mean nothing.
Rating: 4. Works!!
Rating: 5. really gooodd
Rating: 5. I did not know what to expect when trying these bars out. i have never had them before, but am pleased with the taste. they also satiate very well and keep me from craving sweets mid day. I tried a few different flavors and they were all tasty.
Rating: 5. Great!
Rating: 5. Delivery was fast and my smoke detector stopped chirping once I inserted this new battery
Rating: 5. I bought 10 packs to put in my churches Operation Christmas Child shoeboxes. Just what I needed, good quality, but flexible enough to work with the other items in the shoeboxes.
Rating: 5. great mobile if you want to decorate it yourself. It plays a nice lullaby as well. MY baby loves it
Rating: 5. I have two cats and constantly have to vacuum up the rugs and cat tree because of my allergies. The Arm & Hammer pet deodorizer is easy to use and leaves everything smelling like clean linens.
Rating: 5. Better brushing, which is a great feeling.
Rating: 5. None
Rating: 5. I could live on this stuff. Truthfully I am afraid to read the label, If I figure out what makes it sweet it'll kill the love affair.. Then there is the carbon footprint. These are well made bottles that should be reused.
Rating: 5. I was surprised so much flavor came from a can. Enjoyable product.
Rating: 3. Good to mix concentrates with......
Rating: 5. Enjoy these, order quite a few times very fresh almonds arrive quick also!
Rating: 5. I buy this tea all the time. Fast service and great product. Makes very good ice tea for the summertime.
Rating: 5. I was always told that you should never use the same shampoo and Conditioner on your hair, that you should mix it up a little. Use different brands. So here is my journey I do. And this is one that I use and my hair loves me. So i don't use hairspray, or mouse in my hair. I curl it and I blow dry it every now and then. And my hair behaves.
Rating: 1. Seriously, only one macadamia nut in the whole can! Mostly was almonds followed by cashews, and I could only find a single macadamia in the whole can. Fool me once, shame on you!!! (Amazon - you might want to spell-check your descriptions.)
Rating: 5. fresh, clean, not overdrying
Rating: 5. This is a great product, especially for the price; just know that the cups are loose in the box so you'll need a big place to store the box or the loose k cups.
Rating: 1. They were good if you like crushed pieces. I will not be order these again; I recommend you don't either.
Rating: 5. Warning - this candy is highly addictive...nice adult blend of sweet and salty.
Rating: 5. fresh and tasty
Rating: 5. Excellent
Rating: 5. Ever since mentadent wasn't any longer available this has been my go to and it has not disappointed.
Rating: 5. Classic flavor still deliscious
Rating: 3. not my flavor...
Rating: 3. Good. Son picks the peanut butter ones out and dumps chocolate away? He's got Asperger's Syndrome and we special order. Otherwise we are happy. Only 1 box damaged by shipping
Rating: 4. Om nom nom nom!
Rating: 5. Trash bags perform as seller described. Trash bags perform as trash bags do. Am a satisfied customer.
Rating: 5. Not sure if I fall asleep any faster, but the taste is perfect to wind down the day too.
Rating: 5. very good
Rating: 5. The best cereal on the planet. ( also good crushed up and put on ice cream )
Rating: 5. It smell nice
Rating: 5. These worked
Rating: 4. If they were just a little stronger it would ne great
Rating: 4. I am a can soup eater and usually have this for lunch four days every week. I like a lot of Campbells chunky but this is not one of my favorites. Does not live up to its name of Chunky.
Rating: 5. Delicious. I have not had hearts of palm for a long time and I had forgotten how good they were. DeLallo brand is really good. I added these to my salad and also ate them plain.
Rating: 5. Love pasta.
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 5. Love it, I can not get enough of it, I wish they have the soft kind. Always able to finish one block of tofu by myself I put it in stir fry, udon soup, fried by it self, and made agedashi tofu...came out really good!!
Rating: 2. Poor value. Better to just buy at Costco.
Rating: 5. Awesome Soy powder. Delicious and easy to use.
Rating: 5. Good quality at an EXCELLENT price! I particularly enjoyed the printer-friendly labels which are compatible with a separately downloadable Microsoft Word template, which offer a neat, professional look.
Rating: 5. I put this on everything. Simply the best.
Rating: 4. yum
Rating: 5. Terrific for cold weather, dry skin. I live in the mountains and this really does the trick.
Rating: 5. These diapers are great all around. We especially like getting a month's supply automatically using subscribe & Save.
Rating: 5. I have a flat faced French Bulldog who can't always handle larger, harder treats (has gotten stuck in his throat or caused hacking). These were great! They're smaller so I don't need to break them apart and are also soft enough to not cause any issues. Plus he loves them!
Rating: 5. Big Ups for this coconut oil!! Great for cooking and I even seasoned my cast iron skillet with it. My skin also benefiting from it. After I apply my turmeric mask I use this amazing oil. It's so smooth, soft and blended
Rating: 4. These are tasty and convenient. I keep these in my desk at work and they make a fast, easy lunch when there is no time to have lunch.
Rating: 5. Just got around to using these today and I was using them to clean my counter tops and garbage can. These wipe up hard stains super easy! It is also gentle enough to not leave scratches. I tried the generic Walmart brand, and those just crumbled and broke apart quickly. These ones last a few cleanings and go a long ways. Little muscle needed to clean hard stains with this. PROS: Easy to clean stains No residue Lasts longer than generic brands Clean a variety of things with it Left no scratches CONS: It can pick up a stench over time. Might have to replace if left over time. Would I recommend to a friend? Yes! Its a super duper handy item to add to any cleaning bucket. Makes cleaning jobs a lot easier.
Rating: 5. This is an excellent value and top-quality fruit!
Rating: 5. great item - arrived quickly
Rating: 5. Awesome; I use this cocoanut oil all the time and, as usual, everything about it is fantastic. I appreciate your efficiency of getting it to me in 2 days.so I never run out of it.
Rating: 1. While this came in a protective bag in the pantry box it leaked more than half its contents out and then into my pantry box. It was disappointing to have so much wasted and then get over everything in my box and car floorboards.
Rating: 4. Very good, but to sweet for my tastes.
Rating: 5. Repeat buyer, great product and value.
Rating: 5. like the oxi clean added
Rating: 5. Finally found a formula that works for my dry skin
Rating: 5. Works well for your average baker. Didn't notice anything wrong with it even though it took me a year to get through it all. Great buy!
Rating: 5. It's Tony.
Rating: 4. it works good
Rating: 5. good size good price
Rating: 4. nice
Rating: 5. Great price, great snack food. What can be better?
Rating: 5. The colors received were different from the picture shown. The picture shows white handles with green/blue insets. The colors that came were bright pink (x2), bright purple (x1), and lime green (x1). Good quality brushes at a very reasonable price.
Rating: 5. So crispy and light!!
Rating: 5. Great product and love the delivery
Rating: 4. Great flavor combination!! Mango Peach - you can't go wrong!
Rating: 5. I have already reviewed this product. I recommend it.
Rating: 5. Yum. Good service !
Rating: 5. perfect
Rating: 5. This product does everything it says it will; smells great, loosens hair, destroys odors, and is moist like washing your carpet by hand! Worth the price!
Rating: 1. Waaay to sweet. I liked the price and the idea of 35g of protein, but I cant drink this stuff, it is sickly. Not sure what I'm going to do with it, maybe I'll have to mix it with plain milk and unsweetened Cocoa to make it drinkable. One positive aspect is that it's not grainy or too thick.
Rating: 5. Yum fiber!
Rating: 4. Will cause tooth sensitivity, but that's standard with teeth whitening.
Rating: 5. This is awesome for people like me who hate scrubbing showers and tubs. I can't get the whole family on board with the daily shower spray routine, but I can do this on Saturday morning fast and easy.
Rating: 5. Product works wonderfully and does not ruin makeup
Rating: 1. Gave my little sister a rash... Also the waist should be bigger... I wish seventh generation would make a size seven they are the only diaper that doesn't cause a rash on my little sisters very sensitive skin. She has autism and is not learning to use the toilet.
Rating: 5. I pick these up at the local stores occasionally, but ordering a box allows me to pack one in my purse for those times I want a candy bar
Rating: 5. Very good flavor! Not too salty, not too sweet. Perfect size for a snack. Pops up perfectly on the popcorn setting. Will definitely buy again.
Rating: 2. Ordered two of these to replace the ones I had from Jos. A Bank. Both of these Kiwis showed up very 'dry' - neither put much if any shine/gloss on my shoes from the very first application. Also, the sponges used are of a much rougher material and the cels in the sponges are much larger than the ones in the JABs. Add to this that one of the sponges' glue had failed and the sponge had broken loose from the inside of the lid. Better than nothing, sure. But very shoddy and cheap. Won't be buying again.
Rating: 5. This is a must have product! My son is a great sleeper, even on trips, and I credit Sweet Slumber mist in part for that. The scent clearly seems to relax him and it's a great way to make him feel "at home" when we are out and about. I only have to do a couple of sprays in his crib and it goes a long way. Another plus is that its natural ingredients do not seem to irritate his sensitive skin at all. I recommend this mist to all of my friends with babies.
Rating: 5. We are loving this coffee. Nice dark roast, great aroma from the beginning of the brew to the last drop. Wonderful flavor for a morning cuppa!
Rating: 5. Helps my teeth better than anything
Rating: 5. Very tasty; hard to limit a portion.
Rating: 3. Tasted like an over roasted batch .
Rating: 5. If you like maple you will like this.
Rating: 5. Good taste kids loved it.
Rating: 4. works well to clean spots off the wall
Rating: 5. I'm obsessed with these guys. These wipes are good quality and they smell nice. I wash the counters then go over it with these wipes to disinfect anything left behind. They leave my sink nice and shiny and no left over marks. The towels are strong enough to scrub food off counter or stove and they don't rip, it might be a little difficult to rip. They have a good amount of wipes per bottle but since I use so many they run out fast, so I get the 3 pack.
Rating: 5. Perfect pantry item for when you need a fast meal. I add this to cooked pasta for a fast upgraded chili-mac
Rating: 5. Really sticks to teeth!
Rating: 4. Reallly like this
Rating: 2. Nope; ate 2, then one more. Sent them back. Did not have good flavor. Not sure why? I read the reviews and I thought I would give them a try. Nope, nope, nope.
Rating: 4. great snack size
Rating: 3. Works so/so. Leaves food residue often. Going back to my other brand.
Rating: 5. This is a good product. I use it frequently and it works well. I would recommend and would repurchase.
Rating: 5. We were given a sample of this in our hotel room this summer and loved it. We've been long-time Colgate users, but I forgot to pack it for our trip. I'm so happy for that mistake because it forced me to try something new and that was the Tom's of Maine Antiplaque and Whitening. My mouth feels fresh for hours after using and my teeth feel smooth. I don't have that sugary feeling that I've always had with the Colgate. I especially like that this has no added chemicals, including flouride. I bought two tubes of this when we got home from our trip and made it the new staple in our home.
Rating: 1. Very disappointed in the quality.
Rating: 5. Very tasty, convenient, healthy snack!
Rating: 1. How can you artificially flavor a peanut with natural ingredients. Salt and Vinegar. I should have just made these from scratch.
Rating: 5. rich velvety taste - with a zing....
Rating: 3. not the best tasting
Rating: 4. Very comfortable.
Rating: 5. good buy
Rating: 5. Great on my baby's skin! Doesn't dry since it has moisturizer within the soap.
Rating: 5. My puppy and other small dog love these I will be buying more but bigger bag now that I have 2 eattin these little bones.
Rating: 4. It's a good toothpaste. Not much else to say about it except price is right.
Rating: 5. as described
Rating: 4. At our house, we make a lot of mixed drinks, and have intentionally sampled most of the widely distributed tonic brands, including several of the premium offerings. We've tried: QTonic, FeverTree, Stirrings, 365 (Whole Foods store brand), Seagrams, Schwepp's, Canada Dry, Hansen's. Different tonics pair best with different gins, and the value has to be weighed, considering that some tonics can cost 30x more than others per oz. There is always a value equation when making drinks, and you need to consider the total cost of cocktails, especially if you have drinks often, or host a lot of dinner parties. Some of the options (Fevertree, Q Tonic are good examples) can be really expensive at ~$2 per 6.8oz bottle; that starts to get a little steep per drink. Suddenly two cocktails each for a group of 7-8 friends has added $20-30 in tonic water to your evening. The premium tonics are worth buying once to experiment with, and can be great options for "artisinal" cocktails, but they also have to be carefully paired with the right gin to really bring out their strengths. (Citadelle, a little more of a citrus-y gin, is a nice companion for them both, and it's a mid-shelf gin that is an excellent value.) For everyday drinks, our go-to tonic is Hansen's. It's readily available in our area at Harris Teeter stores for ~$3 per six-pack of 8oz cans, so ~$0.50/can. 8oz is enough to make two G&Ts, and the flavor profile pairs really well with Hendrick's, our preferred G&T gin. Hendrick's is a top-shelf gin with a complex cucumber profile that pairs best with a lighter, less bitter tonic. This is where Hansen's excels. Add a drop of two of bitters, depending on your mood (rhubarb is a favorite, celery is another good option), and you've got one of the best G&Ts you've ever tasted. If you're using New Amsterdam, as one of the previous reviewers mentioned, then Hansen's is NOT the right gin. New Amsterdam is the best choice for a value gin. In our area, it's 1/3 the cost of Hendrick's. We keep it on the shelf for use in several other cocktails, but seldom use it in a G&T. It's sweet and citrusy and needs a bitter tonic to pair with it. For the ultimate in tasty, cheap G&Ts, pair New Amsterdam with Canada Dry Tonic. They pair well, with the bitter notes of Canada Dry complimenting the sweetness of the New Amsterdam, and you can make G&Ts for as little as $0.60/each, depending on the cost of liquor in your area. Bottom line, Hansen's is an excellent value--especially for a cane-sweetened tonic water. But don't write it off just because it doesn't match the gin in your cabinet; different gins need different tonic waters to really shine. Depending on your tastes and your interest in cocktails, you may want to keep several different tonic waters on hand for different occasions. Cheers.
Rating: 5. It's very delicious. When i ate a piece of chips, i almost fell down.
Rating: 4. takes some getting used to (LOL) in a very different format than the old, traditional tube. but better control, and less waste
Rating: 3. ordered twice & liked this product, but now when you order you have to subscribe & there is no more 1 time order stinks as I.m not one to get sucked into any EXTRA payments. I will be glad if the 1 time order is restored until then I shop elsewhere .
Rating: 5. I prefer Campbells soup over all others. Its so much more--tomatoier, and the packaging! Who invented the can? Amazing!
Rating: 5. Great deal
Rating: 5. Carlson is always the best.
Rating: 4. Cinnamon Toast Crunch. If you're reading this review, you're way too serious about shopping.
Rating: 5. Got to have chips and great to have a size that limits intake
Rating: 5. My favorite toothbrushes
Rating: 5. This is the best toilet bowl cleaning product I have used and I've tried many through the years. The gel tabs do keep the toilet bowl clean while keeping the bathroom fresh smelling. If you have children or pets, be sure to keep the lid down or the bathroom door closed. This product is not child or pet friendly. Highly recommend.
Rating: 5. Love
Rating: 5. great fit and work great
Rating: 5. These are good.
Rating: 5. Perfect thanks
Rating: 5. We love this product. It's great at lightly exfoliating your face and giving you a good clean feeling.
Rating: 5. Like a kick in the nostalgia gland.
Rating: 5. ok
Rating: 4. These are good, seem healthy. I thought they were a little on the sweet side. Every one ate them though so there you go.
Rating: 5. Works!
Rating: 5. My favorite detergent
Rating: 1. This stuff is awful. I was excited to try it out since I love the Ever Pure conditioner - but this left my very long, curly hair feeling just dirty. I am not a fan and will never buy it again.
Rating: 4. pleasant scent.
Rating: 5. Shadow loves them!
Rating: 5. My favorite way to clean the bathroom. Easy to use and toss the germs out when you are through.
Rating: 5. Nom nom nom.
Rating: 5. good for wool cloth
Rating: 4. A little too sweet for me.
Rating: 5. the little ones love these
Rating: 5. Perfect!
Rating: 5. The coffee taste so yummy 5 star!!!##
Rating: 5. It worked wonders on a cut that I got on my hand. It healed much faster than Neosporin ever did!
Rating: 5. I struggled for YEARS with bumps on my boots not acne but just irritation. Tried so many different products but this is something I can say actually works! I put it on once a day and after only a week it completely cleared up! My bum looks amazing and I will be a lifelong customer of this product!
Rating: 5. I love these meat bars. I don't eat red meat, and it can be a challenge to find lean, good-tasting protein snacks for an on-the-go lifestyle. These are delicious. I usually eat them with a handful of almonds (taste great together!). Awesome for my commute, hiking, a work snack, or to keep in the car.
Rating: 5. Love these wipes it serves its purpose
Rating: 5. Excellent rlavor, quality, price, value and is readily available.
Rating: 5. perfect size for cupcakes easy to peel off perfect fit in muffin pans
Rating: 5. These taste a little bit like peanut butter captain crunch. All my kids love it! We will order it again!
Rating: 5. Excellent!!!
Rating: 2. My daughter loved her other gummy vitamins... she won't eat these, "they don't taste good"
Rating: 5. Great Cookies. Soft. Awesome flavor
Rating: 5. great taste
Rating: 5. The mere fact that I ordered these cupcakes from Amazon, in bulk, will tell you everything you need to know about how freaking good they are!!!!!
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 4. Personally, I don't eat this. I buy it because my 4 grandchildren who are with us every weekend love it and I mean love it. Want a clean plate of real food, just say this is dessert; want their room clean and organized and this is the snack--Magic.
Rating: 5. tastey, jusy like fresh peaches, not too sweat.
Rating: 5. Good product!
Rating: 5. This stuff worksexcellent - gives great volume to my hair without weighing it down. I like the smell.. I cannot find it in the stores anymore, so I hope it's not being discontinued!
Rating: 5. It's an excellent product. I will recommend it to any one !!!
Rating: 4. Working as intended.
Rating: 5. I really love this toothpaste. It seems to have made my teeth whiter and my sensitivity has decreased. I'd buy it again.
Rating: 5. sooo goood
Rating: 5. Getting this in the Prime Pantry (price is fair & it's dropped off at my door-step) is so handy; but, I feel so guilty making the UPS guy having to carry the heavy boxes (because I'm too lazy). I hate to carry it (I buy cases at a time) myself. As far as the diet coke - mmmmm - the nectar of the gods.
Rating: 3. Runs small. Medium didn't fit a pug
Rating: 3. Just OK no intense orange flavor as I hoped.
Rating: 1. The picture showed is misleading. I was planning to buy the wide neck nipple but it turn out to be the standard one which I can not use it at all. very disappointing.
Rating: 5. My husband is lactose intolerant so we don't buy cow's milk anymore. This is our number one go to alternative. It is sweet enough with the vanilla so we buy the unsweetened. It is also nice to be able to store this in the cabinet instead of the fridge. Love it!
Rating: 1. Same as the other reviewer. $144 for a bag of chips. JUST NO! Even if it is a mistake, the fact that it even happened makes me question the structure of primepantry and primefresh.
Rating: 5. Wish it was still available. Love it.
Rating: 2. Tastes more like dates than anything. Way too sweet
Rating: 5. WHO DOESN'T LIKE COOKIES?
Rating: 4. good product, good price
Rating: 4. This is very good. I add some crumbled ground beef and serve it with refried beans, cheese, salsa and tortilla chips. You can add chopped tomatoes and a dollop of sour cream. It's all good!
Rating: 5. works fine
Rating: 5. Great product !!
Rating: 5. I found this to be a very nice product and am pleased with the difference in my little tootsies after a couple of weeks use. Price and product are both spot on! This cream is not greasy feeling and absorbs quickly and well. Very happy with this! Noticeable difference within a few weeks.
Rating: 5. Nice
Rating: 5. diddo
Rating: 5. So glad I found a big bottle of this food coloring. Works great for Red Velvet Cake
Rating: 5. I love these, the have a strong but pleasant smell that fills the bathroom without having to have seperate air fresheners. The disinfecting is a plus as well.
Rating: 5. After my questioning about the in-office whitening my dentist (bless her heart) suggested that I first try the OTC products first. So, I go to Wegman's store and find the most expensive "professional grade" strips. Then I go home and find them online, on Amazon, cheaper. They arrive with a $10 rebate inclosed. And they WORK! The secret (according to my beloved dentist) is CONSISTENSY. You have to use them EVERY day, the effect is accumulative. Having pretty sensitive teeth (cold, hot, icidic- you name it), I am impressed that I had no pain or discomfort whatsoever throughout the treatment. Bottom line: highly recommended product!
Rating: 3. doesn't shave very close but gets the job done
Rating: 5. Moisturizes better than most and doesn't leave me feeling greasy!
Rating: 5. I have a new born and the detergent other detergent I was using was irritating my daughter. Our pediatrician recommended to use Tide Free. I was skeptical because it was hard for me to belive a detergent can have so much affect on your skin. Guess what? I was wrong. I recommend this to all my friends with new borns. My wife and I also use this detergent because it is dye and perfume-free. Phil
Rating: 5. Apparently, my eyes were so dry, that these drops made my dry eyes worse. First week using it... not the best, horrible actually, but I continued to use them, and eventually, they made a drastic difference. They're really good.
Rating: 2. Doesn't work.
Rating: 5. This has become my favorite tea for my Keurig
Rating: 5. as expected
Rating: 5. Love these crackers!
Rating: 1. Read your labels people they add this soy crap to everything and disguise it with words like lecithin and vegetable broth... Ugh
Rating: 1. Wasn't satisfied with the thickness or quality of this brand. Don't get it
Rating: 5. First time using this product but really happy with results. Skin feels good, scent is just right not too much, will purchase product again.
Rating: 5. This popcorn is absolutely delicious. It has an amazing crunch with a very satisfying salty sweetness. Its caramel popcorn without being caramel candy coated and toothache inducing.
Rating: 4. These clean the soap scum off my shower walls and tub really easily. One sheet is all I need. Once you add water and start scrubbing the suds activate. I had to re-wet it once. The only thing I can complain about it the strong cologne like smell. I can get past it thought because these are so convenient. I use one a week so the box lasts a while. I like that I'm not spraying strong chemicals in my house. It rinses clean with hot water.
Rating: 4. I like the product. I washed my cashmere sweater with it. It works great. Left my sweater nice a soft. And you only need a little each time. I will recommend this to friends.
Rating: 5. 6 boxes of these a month, yeah i'm addicted to them.
Rating: 3. Initial taste is very good but horrible after taste.
Rating: 5. It's Pepto. Gets the job done every time.
Rating: 5. I sometimes cannot find orzo which I use in Greek Cookery. I love the convenience of getting my merchandise from Amazon. As I get older, I get more exhausted lugging everything home. I really enjoy Amazon to the full.
Rating: 5. It's a Fair trade and organic product - both of which are extremely important to me - can't beat that....wonderful price too!
Rating: 5. I love how small these trash bags are for our bathroom trashcans. They smell great and keep the bathroom smelling nice and clean until i have to change the trash. When first opened the smell is a little bit too strong but it lasts and does just go away after the first day. I will be purchasing these again!
Rating: 3. inside could do with being waxed to prevent leakage over time.
Rating: 5. Our favorite popcorn. Not overly salty or fake buttery. Just perfectly yummy.
Rating: 3. Kids not happy these are not Goldfish
Rating: 4. ok i guess
Rating: 5. Our dish washer seems to clean the dishes and replace the food with some annoying white film. It never goes away and no matter what we did, it never got better. We have super, super soft water; I had no idea what was going on. And then I bought these babies, and man, after one washing, it was like everything was brand new. Seriously, I can't even use the awful power or gel stuff again. The Finish tabs are super cheap here on Amazon compared to my local store, so my wallet doesn't even notice the difference!
Rating: 4. Good flavor and a fast pick me up.
Rating: 1. Got a great deal, couldn't wait to try a new flavor of sparking water. I couldn't give these away. They were disgusting.
Rating: 5. These all my favorite protein drink. Not only does it have a high amount of protein, it is almost like a chocolate treat! Can't wait to work out and drink my shake.
Rating: 2. Normally these are okay, when I've purchased them elsewhere. They don't have the best flavor but they get the job done. One constant issue I have with them is that they all tend to stick together. I got a bad batch with this order (they arrived all crystallized and stuck together, not sure who's at fault), and got so turned off by that, I don't think I'll be ordering them again.
Rating: 5. Great product. Works as expected.
Rating: 2. Meh..nothing special here.
Rating: 5. I lovvvvvvvve this
Rating: 5. Perfect. I eat so much I'm turning into a Chia pet
Rating: 5. Love this stuff. Been using it for 5 years or so. My haircut place charges 18.99 for this.. Nice to find it on here for much cheaper :)
Rating: 5. We travel a lot and needed more things we could eat on the go. This is perfect
Rating: 5. Excellent. Here's how I use it: 1. Select cashmeres of the same color to wash (such as all your ivories and creams). 2. Check garments for pulls or snags and make sure the garments are in good condition. Check to make sure nothing in pockets. 3. Protect each garment in a garment bag so that hooks, buttons, closures don't catch or rub on other cashmere garments. 4. Two capfuls into delicate wash (this should be a cool and brief wash, about thirty minutes). 5. After washing, immediately remove and lay out on bed on white towels to dry flat. 6. With a cool iron, press your cashmere. 7. Seems to soften and extend the life of cashmere. Cashmere smells nice. 8. Be sure to clean your cashmere regularly and before the end of the season because any food, sweat, oil, or stains will set and will also cause the moths to eat those areas.
Rating: 5. This Zquill really works well. It helps me sleep when nothing else works.
Rating: 5. My blood pressure has gone down considerably
Rating: 5. Great except the package is broken and leaked
Rating: 4. easy to make
Rating: 3. I use to use burts bees brightening face wash until I got an allergic reaction and my face broke out in a rash. I really loved it though before the rash started happening. I stopped and switched to another face wash and I was totally fine. Then I bought the burts bees sensitive face wash and I still broke out in a rash. :(
Rating: 1. This was supposedly unscented and smelled like it came from the bottom of an ashtray... Not pleased!
Rating: 4. Gets everything very clean without a super intense smell after they come out of the wash. Also, for the price this is the best bet on Amazon as of April 2015
Rating: 5. Very tasty. I use it for my diet without salt, sugar or butter and it still very tasty. The price with prime pantry was really good unlike price without prime pantry. And the most surprising it is fresh with a long time before expires.
Rating: 5. great product
Rating: 5. Chocolate, chewy, and granola....what's not to like?
Rating: 5. Great product, great price
Rating: 5. These are excellent almonds at a great price. They arrived fresh roasted and not stale with just a lightly salted taste. The resealable bag is very convenient for this healthy snack in moderation. I've mostly been eating them plain, though I plan on chopping them up to put in a salad soon. As you can see from the packaging, they are California almonds with oil (the ingredients lists various types and doesn't specify the exact one) and salt. You might decide to season them further if that's your liking, but plain is fine with me. The package I received had pretty much 100% full size almonds; they did not break in shipping nor did Amazon/Happy Belly use a cheap product. I have no hesitation in recommending these almonds for everyday or special occasions.
Rating: 5. A
Rating: 5. good flavor , a little spicy
Rating: 5. We use this product every day in tea, and on homemade granola. Yesterday my wife used it in making tapioca pudding.
Rating: 5. good vlaue
Rating: 1. Kitchen Basics used to be the most delicious chicken stock. When it got bought by McCormick in 2015, it seemed a little lighter, but still retained its essential character. With the newest box, the stock is now completely different. It smelled predominantly of celery and had lost all of its rich orangy yellow color. Looking at the ingredients, mushrooms have been completely eliminated, and there are now more salts (both sodium and potassium) than it used to have. Original ingredients: Chicken stock, chicken flavor, honey, vegetable stocks (carrot, onion, mushroom, celery), bay, thyme, pepper. 2015 McCormick ingredients: Chicken Stock, Vegetable Stock (Carrot, Onion, Mushrooms, And Celery), Natural Chicken Flavor, Honey, Salt, NATURAL FLAVOR (e.g. yeast extract containing MSG), And Spice And Herbs (Black Pepper, Bay Leaf, And Thyme). 2016 McCormick ingredients: chicken stock, natural chicken flavor, cooked vegetables (celery, carrot, onion), honey, spice and herbs (black pepper, bayleaf, thyme), and natural flavor. To go with these changes, the boxes have been getting progressively lighter, as the stock becomes progressively watered down, so that the color of the stock is now completely different. The new box is on the left in the attached photo. (Stocks appear darker in the two cup measuring cup than the one cup, so the difference in color is even more dramatic than appears in the photo). I went back to my store to return the unopened carton, and the manager found 10 remaining boxes in the back room of the older version, and I bought all of them. I plan to write to McCormick as they said to contact them if you are dissatisfied with the product. If enough people complain, maybe they would consider bringing back the older formula. For now, it is clear that these stocks are NOT worth the extra cost that I used to be willing to pay for Kitchen Basics.
Rating: 5. Great pasta
Rating: 5. Very good
Rating: 5. My 13 year old loves this dry food! Only dry food she will go eat without starving herself first.
Rating: 5. Love love love!
Rating: 4. Ziploc double zipper freezer bags are the only way to go. They keep freezer burn off the chicken, burgers, and steak I buy in bulk. The gallon bags are great for large amounts of food. Sometimes I even put a few quart bags inside of a gallon freezer bag to keep things separated into meals.
Rating: 5. great buy at a great price
Rating: 1. Forget it. Never could get them to stay on. Too big and not enough cushion.
Rating: 5. Basic
Rating: 5. Update - August 2016 - I was provided a replacement pack of bars. The manufacturer is right - they have improved the creation of these bars. Taste and texture is fabulous, they've become my go-to meal-on the run once more. Was wildly happy with these when first introduced to them. Recently, I've had a group of them that have been very gristly. Love the concept, be ware the occasionally gristly batch.
Rating: 5. Can't get enough gatorade
Rating: 3. For the price, its okay. I don't like how if I pinch too hard when pulling that it just tears (like how a generic brand paper towel that got wet tears). I have to consciously gently pull on it. It does dispense the wipes well though once youve mastered not tearing it at the top. Its not exactly convenient to try to wipe and you spend an extra few seconds in an uncomfortable position reaching for the wipes only to tear the corner off, forcing you to be extra gentle to retrieve what you need. Id probably buy it again though just because Im frugal about disposable things.
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 5. loved it!
Rating: 1. The pump did not work at all. I've been having to just pour the soap out.
Rating: 5. Yummy, yummy in my tummy!!! I love this company and this rice is good and works in so many dishes.
Rating: 5. I've tried a million different irons, this is THE BEST! doesn't mess with my bowls or stomach, and my iron levels are great so it is getting absorbed. I do take 500mg of vitamin C with it. I also take it with food
Rating: 5. It works better than anything I've ever used. It helps my eczema.
Rating: 5. Thank You
Rating: 3. Pretty good, though a little dry for my preferences. Handy though, and definitely help with portion control. 8-)
Rating: 5. Its organic taste is so great that it even tastes great on my tongue.
Rating: 5. A standard. Love it.
Rating: 5. Good snack for the children.
Rating: 5. Costco is $0.25 per oz. this is 0.23. I'm in
Rating: 5. Good value
Rating: 5. arrived quick, works as expected
Rating: 5. Very good size and quality.
Rating: 5. My husband and I both absolutely loved this soup. Delicious flavors. Will be buying it again. Highly recommend!
Rating: 5. great price
Rating: 5. Bought some of these singles before. They're great for those small to big clean-ups. Need to scrub some they work for that too.
Rating: 5. wish I had ordered bigger bottles
Rating: 5. Good price.
Rating: 5. my cornhole thanks me every time I wipe.
Rating: 5. Purchased for someone else
Rating: 5. I was a little skeptical ordering these, I thought since it was not from a grocery store they may be less fresh. WOW! Was I surprised. These taste delicious; actually the best macadamias I have eaten. Very pleased with this product and will be ordering them again.
Rating: 5. Taste good, seem to hold humger back for a few hours
Rating: 3. I would preferably buy the regular Mott's Applesauce but it was not available in Prime Pantry. This one is much less sweeter, reminds me of an over ripe squishy apple rather than sweet crisp sauce.
Rating: 5. Smells good. Good daily showergel choice.
Rating: 5. Pretty good...I cant help to get another one....!...
Rating: 5. Always like Pantene! Bargain shopper.
Rating: 5. I love these!
Rating: 5. Amy's soups are delicious. I also like the fact that they have no PBA in the cans, whatever that is. I have heard from nutrition magazines that PBA is one more thing the manufacturers add to our food which is detremental. By the ingredient list on the side of the can, I believe that Amy's soups are healthier than the other soups on the market. Judi
Rating: 5. Great!
Rating: 5. Perfect!
Rating: 5. Great price, love getting it in bulk.
Rating: 5. this oil is used for frying when I want a lot of flavor. I am an olive oil fan but use different oils for different flavors.
Rating: 5. best I had so far
Rating: 5. Lay's knows just how much flavor to put on all of their potato chips to make them taste great. The taste is strong enough to taste in every bite, but not so strong that the taste gets overwhelming.
Rating: 2. Ok, but won't purchase again, shoukd be a bit thicker.
Rating: 4. I mix these with lemon juice and Vodka..taste great!
Rating: 5. This is the business. Best shampoo I've ever used in my life. I have 4b textured hair and I have been through the mountains and valleys looking for shampoo that didn't strip my hair. I can safely say I have found it. This shampoo cleans my hair of all the dirt and debris and still manages to keep my hair soft and manageable.
Rating: 1. It definitely lasts as long as it says it does, but it doesn't work at all. I thought that when I purchased this product, that I wouldn't have to use fabric softener anymore, but I do. It didn't have much of a smell to it when I first got it and opened it and it still doesn't. It just looks extremely dirty for some reason.
Rating: 5. Delicious for a sugary breakfast.
Rating: 5. WHAT CAN YOU SAY ABOUT CUT GREEN BEANS, THEY WERE GREEN, AND THERE WAS NO SALT. IM HOPING THERE WERE VITAMINS OR SOME NUTRITIONAL VALUE.
Rating: 4. <div id="video-block-R86KITEVA526P" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1YJTT9XOhS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81uCNBZjGOS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I made a mobile for my granddaughter's visit. I didn't want to spend a ton of money on a product that would be used for one short visit. So for that purpose, it worked well. The only downside is that the music box doesn't play for very long which is a bummer if the kid really likes the song ( which she does). Overall, its a great little investment but you may want to look at a battery operated one if you want to use it long term. Or be prepared to rewind often.
Rating: 5. Great tea, a good way to sample them all before buying.
Rating: 5. Well, I honestly wish I hadn't tried these. These delicious, thin, chocolatey mint delights are ridiculously addicting. If the "thin" labeling on this product has you thinking this will be good for your diet, think again! It just means you can eat that many more of them! And if you're anything like me, you will. If you're looking for a sweet lower calorie snack, might I suggest an apple? Trust me, once you go down this road it will be very hard to come back.
Rating: 4. Not very obvious on me....
Rating: 5. Great snack! Get your veggies and enjoy them! I didn't think I'd like veggie chips of any kind and was genuinely surprised. Great snack for camping, around the house or wherever.
Rating: 4. I was not sure what to expect with this product. It does not contain any sugar which I find amazing! The lemon flavor reminds me of sprite without the fizz. I was expecting it to be tart but instead found it sweet. At first I was not too sure if I was going to like it, however after a few sips I was hooked.
Rating: 5. Salmon that tastes as good as fillets with the convenience of canned tuna
Rating: 5. Still one of the best products for getting rid of annoying blackheads/spots on your nose. Used for my teenager as well and worked great.
Rating: 5. Great broth to use as a base in soup recipes.
Rating: 1. Does not taste like multi grain Cheerios. Must have some on the shelf too long in the stockroom
Rating: 1. My product arrived moldy, and unusable. Smelled terrible, and had to be thrown right into the trash.
Rating: 5. Smells nice works ok
Rating: 5. I like that the bag can be easily resealed with the ziplock on the top of the bag. I have lots of pets and this is by far the cheapest way to take care of odors, The price for this quantity of baking soda is the most reasonable I have found.
Rating: 3. Maybe this cleans clothes. Im not sure about it though; because I cant get over the hives that this stuff gave me. Ive used Tide before but something about it this time gave me a rash and I ended up giving both bottles to my roommate because I told her I was going to throw them away and she wanted to use it first in the hopes that it wouldnt affect her like it did me.
Rating: 5. I ordered this popcorn for my son away in college. He loved receiving it and I was impressed with the price. I will order again.
Rating: 5. I have ordered this brand and flavor several times now and never am disappointed with the amounts in each bag and the packaging.
Rating: 5. I much prefer a good old bottle of windex and a paper towel but as a college student in a dorm, resources are limited and this does the job really well.
Rating: 5. I ordered this once when I needed another item to get free Prime Pantry shipping. Since then I order it and the other two flavors regularly. It's really good tasting, and other than having quite a lot of sugar, it's really healthy. I personally like sugar more than the commercial low cal sweeteners. I think sugar is actually healthier.
Rating: 1. Dented
Rating: 2. Great taste, gives farts
Rating: 5. Perfect! Exactly as described. Purchase this, you will not be disappointed!
Rating: 5. My boyfriend has been using this for about a decade now. I bought this because he started having big, red, itchy patches on his face-- I figured a gentle face cleaner was a good idea. A bottle lasts us several months, so we think it's a bargain. He likes that this isn't scented. I've recommended this to a friend with sensitive skin, and she likes it, too.
Rating: 5. This is one of my all time favorite cereals!!! It is crunchy and sweet and very filling. I think of cereal as a comfort food and Cracklin' OatBran is very comforting to me. Sometimes I eat it for a snack or dinner. It is yummy and filling any time of day.
Rating: 5. Bargain
Rating: 3. Bought these looking for a healthier alternative. problem was the bag was half full and there were so few chips in the bag for the price. Not even enough for 2 people. Sad that the price is so much higher for healthier foods......:(
Rating: 2. The consistency of this apple sauce was very thin. Like it was watered down. I had to buy regular apple sauce to mix it with.
Rating: 4. I like this product and will probably buy it again! I haven't noticed weight loss that much, but it does seem to satisfy morning cravings a bit. I do add a dolop of peanut butter or yougurt to have a little more fuller feeling, so I don't get so hungry so quick.
Rating: 4. Great! Wish it comes with travel kit or a container with lid to keep it clean and sanitary.
Rating: 5. I love Alba products and this is no exception. Lovely scent and leaves my hair so soft.
Rating: 4. Nice size. came in one piece not crushed
Rating: 5. just a regular almond milk.
Rating: 5. WORKS GREAT
Rating: 5. my daughter loves it!
Rating: 5. Purchased this for my wife online because many of the local stores have stopped carrying this product. The smell is nice and honestly, it really does a fantastic job softening her dry feet and elbows. I use it once in a while on my elbows too! Has a fruity smell to it, that is not too overpowering unless you have a nose against those types of smells.
Rating: 5. Plump and tasty, not at all dried out. Excellent!
Rating: 5. love these, want try more flavors
Rating: 5. salty pizza
Rating: 4. Delivered. No price advantage
Rating: 2. The flavor is not horrible, but has an artificial taste, but it leaves a very thick residue in the cup. Even as it cools a thick skin will form on the surface, I haven't seen other K-cup drinks do this before and it wasn't very appealing.
Rating: 5. Wow ....this was sooo yummy!! Had to have it with me when I was traveling!
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 3. Great deal for the amount of food but my cat wouldn't touch it. Not really the products fault but I had to give it away and start using another Brand.
Rating: 5. Delicious
Rating: 3. Ok for the price
Rating: 5. OK
Rating: 4. I like Suave. It gives me great protection.
Rating: 4. Very good just a little pricey.
Rating: 5. Great Price on these raisins and they are fresh
Rating: 5. Awesome
Rating: 5. Good product. Works well
Rating: 5. The real deal. Tasty too.
Rating: 5. A savior for hard calcium water in Florida. Ever since they took phosphates out of ALL the dishwasher types, nothing but gray dishes in my area of Florida. THIS PRODUCT is worth the buy; cures the calcium coating on dishes.
Rating: 4. Smells great and help relieve dandruff.
Rating: 5. My favorite canned pasta sauce of all time
Rating: 4. Great protection
Rating: 5. great for a holiday truffle recipe I made!
Rating: 4. Good price for a good quality
Rating: 5. thanks
Rating: 5. Great for snack. Love them
Rating: 5. I use this for our towels, sheets and blankets. Super softness and fluffy towels without residue or anyone breaking out in rashes or sneezing fits from scented fabric softeners. Lasts a long time too, a little goes a long way in a front load HE machine.
Rating: 5. Love this grape juice.
Rating: 4. Great sugar bomb for the celiac who can really only eat rice chex or some other bland cereal for breakfast. My kids love it.
Rating: 5. A friend recommended this powder after I found out my go-to powder was made with sucralose. Not only is it a healthier alternative, but it tastes great! I typically use my protein powder as part of a pre & post workout smoothie, but enjoy drinking this brand mixed with just water.
Rating: 1. Wr NV product description. Only received 6 instead of 36.
Rating: 5. This is my favorite coconut milk. It's super thick and can be used for many purposes, including - making coconut based ice cream. I prefer buying all of my coconut milk on here, as the same exact brand and item are at least one dollar more at my local store. I love Amazon!
Rating: 4. O.k., films.
Rating: 5. I use these after I have a baby in the hospital and I love them.
Rating: 5. Seems to work very well.
Rating: 5. awesome
Rating: 4. I like this cream. I have been using ROC products for about 3 months now and I really do think I can see a difference in my skin. I am 34 years old and don't have many wrinkles yet. I hope using these products will help prevent them. I took off one star because I don't really feel like this cream is very moisturizing. I don't wake up glowing or anything. But that may be the wrinkle fighting ingredients it contains. I usually put another cheap Ponds moisturizer over it and I wake up glowing. :)
Rating: 5. My kids love these and they take their vitamins as a treat!
Rating: 5. As I do a lot of research and am learning more about health and aging, I purchase coconut as it is the healthy choice for me for cooking and beauty. I no longer use any vegetable oils for cooking because of the unhealthy ratio of Omegas. It is used in coffee, for popcorn and even added to my dogs' food. I also use coconut oil as a moisturizer for my face. If you do oil pulling, this is for you. I brush my teeth with coconut oil, too as it kills bacteria. I use several brands of coconut but this is one of my favorites.
Rating: 3. Exactly as described. I bought 12 packs - spinach and regular. Followed all instructions but I get a headache right after I eat these. The preservatives used? Not sure - my husband loves them and will eat them till he falls down. The texture remains like an al dente cooked pasta.
Rating: 5. A pound of Jack Link's jerky has become a staple of my camping trips because of Amazon, at $1/oz it's hard to beat - especially when you're sharing! Ziplock bag to keep it fresh and delicious jerky. Not much more to say!
Rating: 4. Can't beat the price for these chips.
Rating: 5. Who doesn't like Ritz?
Rating: 3. Not my favorite lays chips, but they're okay.
Rating: 5. This product works well.
Rating: 4. good fruity candy
Rating: 5. These jons are tasty. Great go-to snack for some calories in between meals.
Rating: 5. Cruisers work much better than the Swaddlers we were previously using on our baby. The Cruisers have done a great job preventing blow outs.
Rating: 5. love that coconut oil, at a good price.
Rating: 4. Makes your eyelashes look bigger with more volume but at the same time it doesn't not look like you are wearing a lot which gives it a kinda natural look.
Rating: 5. love the taste! I will order again!
Rating: 5. Like the idea of having a choice. Like the fact all the choices are tasty.
Rating: 4. Ink is good but that was all i order and was change a high delivery fee.
Rating: 5. I use this to make chai tea concentrate at home and it works really well as a base for that. The price is really good as well. Really great quality tea.
Rating: 5. FAVORITE!
Rating: 5. Keep a bag in your car...I promise you can thank me later.
Rating: 5. Arrived fresh and fast. I like the firmer texture of these fruit snacks. The blueberry one is my favorite. Tasty snack or after meal treat.
Rating: 5. Outstanding taste. As far as I'm concerned, this Sr thinks this really helps.
Rating: 5. I use this mix for almost everything I bake! I add dried fruits ,nuts,seeds,an egg and use milk instead of water..
Rating: 5. Dependable standard. Delivered without problem.
Rating: 3. Shipped without any broken crackers which is great but the taste was sub par compared to the original Ritz cracker.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 4. wish I had some more
Rating: 5. King Arthur has the absolutely best GF products I have tried. They are a bit expensive, but when purchased through Amazon Pantry, the cost is much more reasonable.
Rating: 5. AA+++++
Rating: 5. Very delicious and great taste
Rating: 1. yuck stick to cinnamon toast crunch
Rating: 5. I was feeding Blue Buffalo Wilderness to my cats thinking it was the best all natural, organic cat food available (I am disabled and live on a very tiny check each month) and I wanted to give my 3 kitties the best. Then Sammi got sick and nearly died. I racked up over one thousand dollars in vet fees trying to save him. Thankfully my vet is a compassionate man who knew I was recently widowed and struggling to survive on my own. He let me pay out Sammi's bill on monthly payments. I researched Blue and found people out there who weren't as lucky as me. So I researched organic, grain-free cat foods again, this time much more thoroughly, and found Wellness. It was exactly what I was looking for in cat food. They have a more extensive line of flavors and I mix it in with my babies prescription cat food to give them a more flavorful food experience. They eat their cat food zealously now!
Rating: 5. Super yummy
Rating: 1. I was very excited to see lower cost coffee for my nespresso machine. While the capsules do work, the taste of the coffee is very much like what one would expect if one dissolved a cup of dirt into hot water. In a word, disgusting.
Rating: 1. kids won't eat it so I threw it out.
Rating: 4. I like these, but only good for a small cup so I mix a small cup of this with a large cup of san Francisco bay coffee and it tastes great
Rating: 5. The kids loved them.
Rating: 5. These are delicious, everything I expected out of them. Don't leave them in the oven too long though, the cheese gets toasty brown very quickly.
Rating: 5. I think Skippy is the best peanut butter although I really don't know why- it just tastes better! Yummy with bananas.
Rating: 1. Disappointed in the product. I bought two cans of this stuff. I mistakenly went by the image on the label of the can. I didn't notice the smaller print. It's on Sloppy Joe SAUCE, nothing else. My fault, and an expensive lesson. I won't buy it again.
Rating: 5. Item as described! cvpnj.com
Rating: 4. Call me nostalgic but this brings back memories of my mom and her friends watching General Hospital back in the day. The soap is actually better than most other detergents and I love the smell.
Rating: 5. 4 months of pumping and not a single leak! Wash me out and recycle. Boom.
Rating: 5. delicious! The only thing is that this can only chosen in a pantry box. However, sometimes it is hard to find other 4 items to fill the box.
Rating: 5. As far as canned chili is concerned, this is the best. Not only are the cans bph free, but the chili is non-gmo. I often heat this up and pour it over some rice for a completely satisfying meal.
Rating: 5. Got the stains out of my clothes
Rating: 5. I have very curly hair and live in a very hot and humid climate. I have always come back to the L'Oreal Paris Total Repair. I was happy to find it on Amazon and shipped fine. Previously I have gotten it at my local pharmacy box store. I have always chosen this product because the price is reasonable for a heavy duty conditioner. I do not use this every time I shower, but find that using it once a week makes my curls a lot more manageable, especially when I find that my hair may have dried out a bit from using product in my hair. I highly recommend this product.
Rating: 5. amazing. really really fresh! and a Good Grab for a Prime Box.
Rating: 5. I love having Kleenex Hand Towels in our bathrooms for our guests. No one really wants to use the same hand towel as everyone else.
Rating: 5. Works just fine. Gets between my teeth with little effort.
Rating: 5. I purchased this for the first time based on the ingredients, place of manufacture, and the limited ingredients. I have color treated hair that is very fine, short, and straight. I have to wash my hair daily so I try to find products that won't damage my hair and won't weigh it down. I have used this product for two days in a row now - I LOVE THIS STUFF! My hair is easy to comb thorough and squeaky clean - nope, don't need a separate conditioner either. There's a BONUS too - I noticed that my hair isn't weighed down and has some body to it. There was one problem though - sigh. The pump was broken, so I have to pour it out of the bottle.
Rating: 5. Perfect. Durable, absorbent, soft. Just keep the fam from using six of them for a small need... when drying dishes or cleaning up liquid spills, you can even wring 'em out and keep going.
Rating: 5. love it
Rating: 5. I tried the Variety pack and it's the first time where i can honestly say i haven't found a flavor i don't like. Good coffee, good selection.
Rating: 5. I love the scent of this Old Spice. It's strong, but not overpowering, and leaves just a subtle amount of scent behind when rinsed off. The shampoo performance is also very good -- thick consistency that lathers up nicely. It is a 2-in-1 formula (contains conditioner) but it rinses clean and does not leave my hair feeling greasy. Solid value for the price.
Rating: 4. Pretty tasty
Rating: 5. Fav
Rating: 5. Great Value on Mixed Nuts.
Rating: 5. Super fresh & flavorful
Rating: 1. No problem.
Rating: 5. My dogs like it, it has good ingredients, and keeps them at an ideal weight.
Rating: 4. This body wash is very easy to use. The smell makes me feel relaxed and comfortable. After washing, the skin becomes soft and delicate. But I am not happy that the packaging is broken... And when I opened it, the bottle leaked a little...
Rating: 5. i wonder why i didn't change 30 years ago. This offering is much softer and wider which makes it easier on the gums. My bleeding is almost non existent since i switched from the old school hacksaw floss.
Rating: 5. Wonderful half the cost of my local pharmacys .
Rating: 1. This cream has not worked on my baby s diaper rash..it still persists despite regular use
Rating: 3. Unfortunately, my 10 month old daughter did not care for the taste of this product. And for the price I think i'm better of making my own. However, portioned out packets were helpful.
Rating: 5. I love this product, it is simple to make and delicious. I add broccoli for a tasty vegan meal.
Rating: 5. Great flavor - not too strong or too weak.
Rating: 5. Family favorite.
Rating: 5. Easy to use, seems to be as effective as advertised
Rating: 4. Would buy then again
Rating: 5. Not just for kids anymore - these are still one of my favorites.
Rating: 5. Just like it says, Good to the last Drop
Rating: 5. Excellent
Rating: 5. perfect
Rating: 5. The soap works well and it is very nice on sensitive hands.
Rating: 5. Yum.
Rating: 5. Very good.
Rating: 5. Excellent running out the door product, taste great
Rating: 5. fast delivery and a good selections
Rating: 5. Have ordered them before will continue to do so...
Rating: 1. Very sorry this stuff tastes so bad. I got the other kind starting with the K, and it is so much better. The raisins in this almost broke my teeth.
Rating: 4. Great moisturizer for my natural hair!
Rating: 1. Made my hair greasy, but was still frizzy in spots. I won't buy it again.
Rating: 5. Great product!
Rating: 1. This tastes really sweet and I didn't like it at all
Rating: 5. No flouride and cruelty-free. No brainer! Wish the flavor was stronger, but it's still my go-to toothpaste.
Rating: 5. Great product to have on hand. Baking, smoothies, snacking.
Rating: 5. This has become my favorite. We switched brands about 6 months ago. It only takes a bit, but a word of caution, the love for it and a toddler, may be a bad combination. It doesn't take much to clog toilet either.
Rating: 5. Great mascara!
Rating: 3. Easy to chew, but found them to be a little tart for my taste.
Rating: 3. Cloying, fake blueberry flavoring.
Rating: 5. Works like it should. Just wish they had a blue raspberry flavor for kids
Rating: 5. Goes great on anything grilled.
Rating: 2. Probably due to packing, the bottle cap was twisted open. The bottle pump also does not open or work.
Rating: 4. Pretty good for a popcorn day.
Rating: 2. Some would probably like this crunch that is so porous than it almost melts in your mouth if you don't crunch it. But I taste NO flavor at all. I prefer chewy. Not a bad product, just not for me.
Rating: 5. Picky kitty really likes these treats...better for cats than grocery store treats. Good flavor,and good company
Rating: 5. Great diapers. I have to get them through Amazon.com since they don't sell them where i live. My sons been using Pampers since birth.
Rating: 5. m&m's are a favorite holiday snack. was so pleased to find this available on Prime Pantry to send to my brother to remind him of me. peanut m&m's - the perfect snack!
Rating: 5. Good stuff.
Rating: 5. Son & husband ate 2 boxes in a month
Rating: 5. Priced as expected, arrived on time. Great for sensitive skin like some of my kids have. Delivered to my door through Amazon Pantry. What more can I say.
Rating: 5. I had one before I came home to the box chewed up on the floor and one very poopy puppy lol. They must've smelled as good as they tasted because I had them hidden.
Rating: 5. The best on the market
Rating: 5. Great Product
Rating: 1. This is the third bottle Ive ordered. I had no problem with the first two but this third one has a horrible fishy smell. It is so gross and I cant even take the pills!
Rating: 4. I have tried other whitening strips in the past but haven't really enjoyed sticking to them till the whole treatment completes. So I really had to push myself with this one. That said, It really wasn't that difficult keeping the strips on. I was told by one of my dentist friends that whitening should not be done often because it hurts the enamel. I thought this one might be a good choice in that case as it is advertised as enamel safe. Really did not have any sensitivity. Except keeping it on is kinda difficult for someone as impatient as I am. Nonetheless its better than sitting with my mouth open under the dentists light. $35 to $50 is not too bad for the whitening effect. IT DID whiten my teeth..But I would give it a 4 out of 5. Definitely recommend.
Rating: 5. Yup, these work!
Rating: 5. Great value!!
Rating: 2. The best part of it where the small individual packages. It tasted so bad, I had a hard time finishing one. Kudos for being natural.
Rating: 4. Rally like this
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 5. extremely hard to find nowadays, one of the best cereals, great price.
Rating: 3. Nothing against the seller here. The seller deserves 5 stars. However I find that blueberry Mini Wheats just don't float my boat. So I try them didn't like them and I'm not buying again. But I will continue to buy from this seller
Rating: 5. Very happy with this product.
Rating: 5. This was a necessity for the Epson Printer I had at the time. I have since purchased an Epson EcoTank 2750. The price of this printer was approximately the same amount I previously spent on ink last year.
Rating: 2. Definitely not a flavor I like!!! Dragon fruit is bitter and theres too much of it!!!
Rating: 3. I normally like all Tom's oral health products but this one missed the mark for me. The flavor is just weird.
Rating: 5. Wonderful
Rating: 5. My puppy and other small dog love these I will be buying more but bigger bag now that I have 2 eattin these little bones.
Rating: 5. Good stuff
Rating: 5. These paper towels will absorb liquid.
Rating: 5. Healthy, Delicious. Low Price. Oh , my Pure decadence !! Great Price.
Rating: 5. a little tingley but really cleans the pores nicely
Rating: 5. Great face wash, doesn't over dry my combination skin and I use it morning and night. I find one pump gets my whole face covered with light suds and clean. It works well on removing all makeup I use (foundation, powder, eye makeup and mascara).
Rating: 5. cofee
Rating: 5. Has helped to eliminate the pain with vaginal atrophy. I use these one day and Carlson Labs Key-E Suppositories the next. I also use Pink and love it! You can get all of these here on Amazon, and I found them cheaper here than in the store. I hate the applicator. So, that is the worst part. It is not soft. It is small/narrow though, so that is a plus. But if you are already sensitive there, and you don't get it just right, it can poke or seem to scratch a little. I put lubricant on it to help. I wish they made this in a suppository, or could come up with a better applicator. Still, it has worked so well for me that I am still giving it 5 stars. A note about the "skin shedding". When you first start using it, depending on how much you need it, you will have some skin shedding. They do tell you about it in the directions. It will look like a yeast infection, but it is not. I stopped "shedding" after about 3 weeks of use. If you have vaginal atrophy. Do yourself an do some reading on it. I had never even heard of it. There are exercises you can do as well. This is the E Suppositories I get: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003B3P4BS/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0 This is the Pink I get: http://www.amazon.com/Pink-Silicone-Lubricant-Women-Ounces/dp/B001CBAHA4/ref=sr_1_1?s=hpc&ie=UTF8&qid=1421360199&sr=1-1&keywords=pink
Rating: 5. A hot "cup of joe" and these cookies are just delicious....really yummy. A very nice afternoon treat.
Rating: 5. Wow! These are tasty and have a great texture. They are thick with a subtle salty taste. They have an interesting history - Stacy used to give them free to her customers as they waited in line at her bread cart in Boston. They almost have a bread stick texture. And they are folded over for thickness. I don't know of a similar chip to compare them to--they have a one-of-a-kind unique appearance and taste. They would be great for a party. They come across as a quality chip. The flavor is subtle, not overpowering. They're great with a fizzy drink or as a side with a salad as your main meal. Regarding nutrition, there are healthier chips out there with more fiber, less salt, less sodium and less fat. However, these are better than potato chips. They are baked, not fried. These have no cholesterol which is positive. Sodium is 11% of daily value, fiber is 2%, total fat is 8%. And you can have 9 chips for 140 calories. 9 chips are filling as these are thick, so that's positive. 5 chips are plenty if you want a bit of crunch. They remind me a tad of thick chinese fortune cookies but aren't sweet, are thick and salty instead. Only 1g of sugar which is excellent. For a fairly non-guilty chip, these are worth trying. They are tasty! Ingredients: Enriched Wheat Flour (Wheat Flour, Niacin, Reduced Iron, Thiamin Mononitrate, Riboflavin, Folic Acid), Sunflower Oil (Rosemary Extract, Ascorbic Acid) and/or Canola Oil (Rosemary Extract, Ascorbic Acid), Whole Wheat Flour, Stone Ground Whole Wheat Flour, Sea Salt, and Less than 2% of the Following: Sesame Seeds, Organic Cane Sugar, Yeast, Rye Flour, Crushed Rye Flour, Salt, Cracked Wheat, Millet, Malted Barley Flour, Rye Malt, Rolled Wheat Flakes, Spice, Enzymes, and Ascorbic Acid.
Rating: 5. I use green chilis in a lot of foods, especially my specialty Tamale Pie.
Rating: 5. Tastes great and so convenient to have it delivered
Rating: 5. Nothing like kickin' back in the winter with a cup of hot tea, on the couch, watching an old movie..... So easy. No mess. Feels like I'm being taken care of rather than me taking care of everybody else.
Rating: 5. wife likes it.
Rating: 5. I don't know what I would do without them
Rating: 4. Ok for tried a potato product. Strong butter taste.
Rating: 5. Like these
Rating: 1. This stuff tastes terrible! it's basically spaghetti noodles and teriyaki, my dog wouldn't even eat it. in fact she took it outback and buried it. do yourself a favor and avoid this product.
Rating: 5. The only mouthwash that actually repairs your tooth enamel. I'm a fan!
Rating: 5. Moist and filling!
Rating: 5. Smells great, just like coconuts, and actually did better on my hair than some of the more expensive $25+ conditioners. I have very long fine hair that is prone to tangling and this made it really manageable. Cheap and effective!
Rating: 5. Good for cleaning up finicky messes.
Rating: 5. Arrived on time. Product as listed.
Rating: 5. Delicious
Rating: 5. Nice taste, good value
Rating: 5. I originally ordered these for my boyfriend because I am not much of a tea lover but I have to admit I tried them and absolutely loved them. They have a wonderful flavor, and since I love having my warm drinks perfect for winding down at night.
Rating: 5. great deal with free shipping
Rating: 1. This stuff is soooo drying. All of their lotions are. And this one smells way too strongly!
Rating: 1. I ordered a case of these and they all expire in about a month. I expected a longer shelf life from the time I receive them.
Rating: 5. Love my Downey
Rating: 5. Best mascara ever! Non-clumpy, non-flaky, non-smudgy. The basic, thin brush head makes it easy to get the short, inner lashes without smearing mascara everywhere. Tried and true product, I've used this mascara for years and it's the best. When I get an urge to try a different mascara I always regret wasting my money because I end up using Maybelline Great Last in the end.
Rating: 1. I bought this before reading the reviews. I drink this brand of earl grey every morning, but this was the first time I bought it from Amazon. The tea bags were extremely faded and when brewed, the tea was weak and undrinkable. I ordered a replacement which came free of charge, but the next box had the same problem. Amazon, store your tea correctly! At least shrink wrap those boxes so freshness is retained better. This was a waste of 200 bags of tea that I now have to throw away, and I'm sure hundreds more are sitting in your warehouse. Please throw them away and start over. Disappointed that I wasted money on this.
Rating: 5. Excellent taste! Comparable to Oi Ocha but much cheaper
Rating: 5. Snacks are snacks. How can you go wrong.
Rating: 4. I really like this product and would give it full marks for freshness. It does freshen up the Toilet with every flush and keeps the bathroom smelling nice and clean. The concept is nice and the product is easy to use and apply. The toilet gel tabs gradually dissolve with each flush and don't leave a residue which is great. However, for me, this product didn't do that well in the cleaning department. I still clean the toilet bowl like I used to prior to using this product, which is not really a big deal as I didn't really expect it to eliminate cleaning altogether. Another thing which led me to give this a 4 star rating instead of 5 is the fact that these don't last that long. I would have liked it to last for a longer duration. Maybe the makers need to tweak the formula or make the tabs bigger. Overall surely a good concept, with minor improvements can be better.
Rating: 5. A must-have for cold and flu season!
Rating: 5. Perfect amount of colors in my penne. Four is too many and two is definitely not enough. The tri-color was the perfect triple threat for me and the lover. An all around winner that kept me guessing. What will Barilla come up with next?
Rating: 5. everyone love these, can't have enough, when the kids come over. The taste is great, nice to have on hand/
Rating: 5. Loved this product, no problems. Love that I can order this and not have to get out in the hard winter to drive 40 miles to do my shopping. Thanks Amazon!
Rating: 5. I have sensitive skin and Nivea is one of the best products out there for my skin. I prefer it with Shea Butter in it because it helps my dry skin even more.
Rating: 1. It was supposed to be twelve bottles and only four were there in totally battered box held together with ton of tape.
Rating: 5. These are the best damn juices to ever explode in my mouth!!!!
Rating: 1. Threw it away. Didn't realize it was as full of sugar as it is.
Rating: 5. These are about half the size of a regular nutri-grain bar, but at only 70 calories they are a perfect substitute for candy and sweets cravings. They arrived fresh and had a delicious light and not overpowering strawberry taste. I will order them again for sure. I teach fitness classes for seniors, and like to give them little healthy treats after class and these only have 6g of sugars! Perfect!
Rating: 5. best paper towels ever
Rating: 5. I am a Type 2 Diabetic who has his diabetes completely controlled with diet and exercise. I watch my carbohydrates like a hawk and test my blood glucose level frequently. Whole Rye is the only bread I have tried that does not raise my blood glucose out of my target zone. My nutritionist says that I am a little more sensitive to cereal carbohydrates than most and I am glad to have found a bread that I do not have to shun. It's a bonus that the bread has good flavor and texture. Note though that it is a German rye bread, not a French or Italian style wheat bread.
Rating: 5. It's one of my favorite's from Zevia - love the Cream Soda & Ginger Root Beer too!
Rating: 1. Does the job
Rating: 5. My favorite cookie, both vanilla and chocolate thins- came unbroken and well protected
Rating: 5. This was an awesome buy. 'Nuff said.
Rating: 2. The bars were very loosely compacted. once I opened the packaging they fell apart.
Rating: 5. I use this regularly and it did whiten my teeth without making them too sensitive
Rating: 5. Addicted to these puffs
Rating: 5. Good price for the value
Rating: 4. I really like this illy Caff cans of coffee. It's really tasty and packs a solid punch of caffeine (150 mg for 6.8 oz!). That being said, I feel like its a little expensive for what is a bit of a bitter brew. There's a very subtle sweetness but it has 45 calories per can, which means they add sugar to it, and that doesn't really show. I've had pure cold brew (no sugar added) that has less bitterness than this coffee drink. Sill it's only 45 calories. I like to grab one out of the fridge on my way to work when I know I'll be in meetings or class all morning and won't have time to make coffee. But I think it's way too expensive for an every day drink.
Rating: 4. It taste good, filling, a little thick but would recommend
Rating: 5. Great product at a great price. Effective folders, do not seem to wear and tear easily, and the variety of colors makes it easier to sort material into the different folders. Would definitely recommend to all looking for a set of folders. Only potential downside is the folders do not have the three hole prongs for attaching paper that has been hole punched. However, both pockets are large and can hold a lot of paper.
Rating: 5. Price is to HIGH
Rating: 1. It did not work at all per their claims! I am trying to get my money back but my printer is not working to do a label and need someone to please mail me a label so I can send it back and get a refund
Rating: 5. I always by the least expensive liquid soap but for some reason got Dawn -- it's as good as they say. For the first time in my life I like washing my pots and pans. Great product.
Rating: 5. works just as it says!
Rating: 4. This smells okay and it easy to use for men with shorter hair. There is a lot in the bottle for the price. Not bad for a drugstore shampoo.
Rating: 5. I have tried many different soaps and this is by far the best. Smells fine,good quality and good quantity.
Rating: 1. SUPER stinky
Rating: 5. I was drinking the Celestial Seasonings English Black Tea but wanted to start drinking black tea in decaf and they don't carry one. Twinings is perfect, taste the same, but no jitters for me any more. I'm a coffee convert.
Rating: 4. Great flavor.. Marinated some chunks of chicken overnight. Cooked it up in a skillet with some green and red peppers then boiled some pasta and added it to the pan. All coated lightly with the extra marinade. It was pretty great =) Definitely worth the purchase.
Rating: 3. Have a bit of an after taste but does it's job.
Rating: 5. Going to kill me eventually, but it'll be a good ride until then.
Rating: 3. Does what is intended for this product and is suited for the equipment.
Rating: 4. A decent cola, and I like that it's slightly lower in calories. Not a huge soda drinker, but really great that you can get simple party supplies like this delivered at a fair price.
Rating: 5. I hope Amazon keeps these in stock -- the packaging, size, and product are terrific. One of the two bags fills my kitchen canister perfectly.
Rating: 1. I would rate 0 stars if I could. Water came in an oversized, refrigerator box and when I opened it, all the bottles had broken out of their case and scattered everywhere. I would have been fine if it had been proper San Pellegrino. The shipment I received was close to expiration and completely FLAT!) 0 stars.
Rating: 4. lovely smell and washes clean, and the price is right!
Rating: 3. Mixed feelings: I'm almost done with my first box and the whitening was dramatic over the first two or three days, but the improvements petered out after that. I do drink coffee (and have continued to drink coffee) so that might be the problem. My biggest peeve about these is that I do have some sensitivity after using the strips, particularly in areas where I have had dental work (e.g., most of my mouth). I don't like the gumminess of the residue, but at least the strip doesn't leak all over your mouth (it does leak a little, you can taste it, but it's not a giant leak).
Rating: 5. Great scent and perfect for lips!
Rating: 5. I received a FREE full sized bottle of Childrens Advil through Smiley360.com. My family has always been faithful to the Tylenol brand but I wanted to try this product that claims to work for 8 hours. It was wonderful and I am impressed that the claim is true. My 2 year old was running a fever and feeling bad... I gave her the Advil and within a few minutes, she seemed to be back to normal and feeling better! I will be switching our regular brand! Thanks Advil for a great product and thanks to Smiley360 for allowing me the opportunity to try this product out!
Rating: 5. GREAT SOUP ,FLAVORFUL AND GREAT HERE IN CHI- TOWN ON A COLD WINTER DAY
Rating: 5. Great Product and fast shipping
Rating: 3. Not strong enough but has a good taste
Rating: 5. Excellent lotion.
Rating: 2. Product was bitter-tasting, as if the roasting oil had gone bad. I scattered nearly all of it in the woods, hoping the raccoons and chipmunks would eat it.
Rating: 1. This product its not worthy to be at Amazon store. Very poor plastic material and coffee. I order this a week ago, never buy again.
Rating: 5. Taste good.
Rating: 2. Not so happy. Some stains go away some stains spread:!
Rating: 5. Good product and well priced
Rating: 5. Great deal!
Rating: 5. Delicious--some of my favorite snack bars.
Rating: 1. This toilet paper is awful. It feels like wiping with cheap paper towels. Its just 1 ply, so we end up using more to get the job done. Will be donating this somewhere.
Rating: 5. I am pleased with items
Rating: 5. Love this tea. Will be purchasing more.
Rating: 3. Not as good as breakfast blend
Rating: 5. I usually use Dreft for my baby, I tried All because it was on sale, I am not disappointed!
Rating: 5. I like stocking up on items like this.
Rating: 1. These taste either like a knockoff or very old and stale, or both. The chocolate has no flavor, a waxy texture; the cake is very stale and dry, and the filling is sugary, not creamy. Yuck.
Rating: 4. My wife's favorite almost every day.
Rating: 2. It does not mention in the product description that it has microbeads in addition to the salicylic acid. Microbeads are very bad for marine wildlife so I am afraid I can't keep buying this product.
Rating: 5. This water is amazing and makes me feel great. Comes in actual box and everything so that I know it is the real deal.
Rating: 3. About 25 of each package arrived broken. This may be too fragile a product to our through prime pantry.
Rating: 2. People must love these chips... for what reason I do not know. They taste nothing of veggies and are literally sea salt chips. The texture is good, though. That's the only positive thing I can say about them!
Rating: 5. i buy these my wife doesn't yell about dusting its a win win. On a non joking note these work great with the accessorizes you get with the orgional item while i don't really use them the wife does and tells me to buy more so i guess they work well
Rating: 5. For a packaged pasta salad these are delicious and very easy to prepare. I also like adding some onion or green pepper to add a little crunch.
Rating: 5. As described, good price..what's more to say?
Rating: 5. I don't like heavy fragrances in my clothes but I dislike static more. This is a heavenly smelling fabric softener. I use only 1/4th the recommended amt. (talk about it lasting a LONG TIME; I should get at least 175-200 loads out of one bottle!) for a full load and I get the same effect that I expect from a Downey liquid. Keep in mind that you can get it on sale for much less then $10.50 at other retailers. Shop around, but you can't go wrong with the product, only with the price. I'll continue to buy this fragrance as long as Downey makes it. It apparently is pretty popular as they're always sold out of it at my local Target and grocery stores. I know, I know, I said I'd get a LOT of loads out of one bottle but I do keep my eyes open for any good sales on it.
Rating: 5. These came in handy when my outside weather gauge went down.
Rating: 1. Product was flat and expired.
Rating: 5. perfect.
Rating: 2. As far as taste goes- they're great. Could eat them like candy. Just wish vitamins had some kind of noticeable effect. Used the bottle as directed. If they helped any, I didn't see it. But they do taste good for those of you wanting vitamins that don't like to swallow pills.
Rating: 5. Gave as gift to someone who has hidden them. I did try one and it's a nice blend of flavor. Will have to reorder my own bag.
Rating: 5. Gets the stains and the stink out!
Rating: 5. I hate people that do not like Sriracha !! That includes some of my Family members that do not like this stuff !! This stuff taste so good , I could probably drink it straight ?? But I do not like overkill, so I will not drink it straight. Excellent Product and good Deal !!
Rating: 5. Half way through the bottle! I better order more soon!
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 5. Very good flavor. I do add a touch of caramel vanilla creamer which makes it a bit creamier.
Rating: 5. Every medicine cabinet needs it.
Rating: 4. as advertised
Rating: 5. One of my favorite brands of blue potato chips. Perfect in flavor and crunch.
Rating: 5. These oats are sodium free, a nice size and cook very well. I love them so much I'll end up eating them for dinner. These aren't quick oats, I tried cooking them like quick oats and epically failed. You have to put them on the stove and slowly cook them... if you cook them in the microwave, you'll need to add plenty of liquid and cook them for at least 5 minutes. They taste very good and cook very well. These are my favorite type of oats. They also last for a long time. As long as you keep them sealed and in a cool place like a cabinet, they'll last for probably two years, even after opening. This is from personal experience.
Rating: 4. My dog gets bored with this flavor and picks at it while the other flavors are gone in minutes. Ive since stopped feeding him poultry as he may be slightly allergic.
Rating: 5. Ahhhh. Makes a great cup of coffee
Rating: 3. Thank you for making organic products. These are decent tasting. Thanks!
Rating: 5. Great product with great delivery
Rating: 1. This bag was burst open, spilling the chips. Not too bad, compared to the other flavor I had ordered, which had its entire contents in the box rather than the sun chips bag. Disappointed!
Rating: 4. I have been drinking Pure Protein Frosty Chocolate shakes for several years, on days when I would not otherwise get enough protein. They taste good! I have used protein powders that you mix with liquid in the past, and have tried other canned products. None make my taste buds as happy as these do.
Rating: 3. Product came as it was supposed to, arrived fresh and unopened, however throughout transport Id imagine it got pretty shook up as it was mostly crumbs left
Rating: 5. I love this item. I keep coming back to it. It takes out the stains. <a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Clorox-2-Laundry-Stain-Remover-and-Color-Booster-Packs-40-Count/dp/B00Q8J4KUI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Clorox 2 Laundry Stain Remover and Color Booster Packs, 40 Count</a>
Rating: 4. Lightly seasoned there is nothing overpowering about this flavor variety. Both the smoke and cheese flavor are subtle and if I didn't already know, I would not have guessed smoked Gouda as the target flavor. There are no strong flavors to object to, but since the cracker is more flavorful than the basic Triscuit I tried them with a reasonably simple cheeseHavartiand it was a good combination. Anything too strong, whether a cheese or other topping would need to be carefully selected to ensure it was a good pairing. When I compared the nutritional panel on both the basic cracker and this smoked Gouda variety the only differences of note were the ingredients used to create the flavor. Fat, sodium, protein, carbohydrates, etc., were all the same. I did notice the ingredient list currently pictured on the product page appears to be from the basic cracker not this variety so I have listed the ingredients below for people that may have sensitivities or wish to avoid certain items. The added ingredients are maltodextrin, whey, natural flavor (includes natural smoke flavor), sugar, Gouda cheese powder (cultured milk, salt, enzymes), lactose, Cheddar cheese powder (cultured milk, salt, enzymes), yeast extract, citric acid, nonfat milk, extra virgin olive oil, buttermilk, malted barley powder and lactic acid. Opinions will vary but I am not sure the resulting flavor is a significant improvement or worth the effort. The plain cracker is appealing, in part, because it only contains three ingredients whole grain wheat, vegetable oil and sea salt. This variety is fine but I probably won't buy it again. The best by date on the box in my prime pantry order is five months in the future.
Rating: 1. I didn't like the taste. It is close to Clementine, but it's not sweet and has a weird taste.
Rating: 2. Plain. Not very tasty. Good if you're hungry.
Rating: 2. Maybe I need to rethink my idea of snacks. I ate one bar and I tried to chew it as long as I could to feel satiated, but the feeling eluded me. I kept drinking my Lemonade/Icetea and I waited a full twenty minutes to feel full before eating the second bar and I still was not satisfied. I either didn't notice the 45 gr weight or thought that Kellogg knew what they were doing with 1.59 oz protein bar, and then again maybe I'm just a glutton. I was hoping the protein would satisfy my hunger, but I was wrong. I put the box away after two bars because I was afraid that I would eat all six bars in one sitting. I guess that Kellogg thinks they've solved that problem by not making the taste delicious. About an hour later my stomach became upset and now 4 hours later, I'm starting to get stomach cramps, which I've never experienced before. I love chocolate and that's why I bought two boxes without even trying them first. I'm sorry I did that. These do not taste like chocolate to me. However, it's not worth the trouble to return them. Previously I would have about 3 or 4 ounces of M&Ms every night and they satisfied me, but I was concerned that it was too much sugar. I'm not diabetic, but I don't want to become one either. I think I'll go back to the M&Ms. These bars may actually deserve one star.
Rating: 3. Used once and left me orange
Rating: 5. Just love the way it cleans grease and oil. I use it on my clothing stains sometimes.
Rating: 5. Great product! Wonderful daily scrub to keep your face clear. Also, it doesnt dry out my skin. Highly recommended!
Rating: 4. Fit perfectly in my bathroom trash can!
Rating: 5. Love this toothpaste. Have been using it for years along with my Sonicare and never had an issue at the dentist.
Rating: 4. Good item...
Rating: 5. Ahorita con el problema en Venezuela, recomendado 100000%
Rating: 5. If you've shopped around for organic cereals, you know that they tend to be hard to find in stores and very expensive by the ounce. This is a great-tasting peanut butter cereal with simple ingredients, and the price is quite reasonable with Subscribe & Save.
Rating: 5. Great tea
Rating: 5. Read reviews on this product. Some were good and some were not. Unfortunately, I did not get any relief from this product!
Rating: 1. Horrid! I wore one of these for the first time and I was making a swishing sound while I walked like I was wearing a diaper. Humiliating, awful experience and product. It also does not work as described. Worst feminine product experience ever.
Rating: 5. Soft chewy lemon cookie. A bit crumbly but very tasty. Real lemon flavor.
Rating: 5. My second favorite snack that I cant get in Colombia.
Rating: 5. I buy these all of the time. I work outside all day, and I need snacks that are portable and healthy. These fit the bill. The bison bars are soft, chewy, and tangy. My favorite ones :)
Rating: 5. Tasty and nutritious.
Rating: 5. Gift
Rating: 5. A+
Rating: 5. I have been using Purina ONE for years for multiple dogs. All of our dogs the last 25 years have been medium to large sizes. Last year, I tried a cheaper brand thinking, dog food is dog food and with two extra large dogs, this is expensive! Well, I was wrong because one of the dogs ended up with a skin allergy. The vet bills cost a lot more than I was saving in dog food. I switched back to Purina One and it cleared up and didn't come back. Both of our dogs are healthy, shiny coats, and very active. They love the food, both lamb and chicken blends. We had a 14 yr old large dog that we tried to shift to soft specialty food because we thought her teeth were bothering her but she wouldn't have it. Til the end, she would only eat Purina One. We were lucky to have her so long.
Rating: 5. Tastes great
Rating: 3. I really like this product. I was skeptical at first but it is working well and my teeth are noticeably whiter after a few days. There isn't really a taste to them at all they are just a little foamy. My bottom teeth were sensitive and I would just skip a day of treatment if this happened and it would be fine and after awhile of using them my teeth became really sensitive so i decided to only use them before an event or something that I wanted them whiter so I wouldnt keep making my teeth sensitive.
Rating: 5. My daughter, who is diabetic, eats these for a snack. They're healthy for her and they have enough carbs to keep her going until the next meal.
Rating: 1. Gloppy and heavy!
Rating: 4. We use these for smoothies. My son likes this, mixed with some cocoa powder. I loved when these were sold at Costco. Now they've replaced the Costco vanilla ones with a larger container (with a blue lid), with a different formulation. I much prefer the taste of this kind over the container with the blue lid. The only downside is the price is fairly expensive.
Rating: 5. great taste and I prefer this type of Kind bar. Packed with a lot of good ingredients and gluten free. Great grab and go snack
Rating: 5. Review by eons wife: I always trust dove i love the smell and i love how it feels on my skin. both my daughters have Eczema and this works out for both children. However i would love to see something from dove that helps with Eczema a soap that actually is made for it. Something you can do dove?
Rating: 5. Very good product
Rating: 5. Arrived as scheduled and as described.
Rating: 5. my favorite kind of chips
Rating: 5. great product
Rating: 3. 4 OF THE CANS WAS EMPTY BUT SEAL WASNT BROKEN / PLEASE REPLACE 4 OR CREDIT NEXT ORDER
Rating: 5. Smells great.
Rating: 5. yummy
Rating: 2. This was the first time I was disappointed in a Kashi product. I didn't taste any chocolate, and the cookie was soft but very dry. The cookie is almost bite size, much smaller than the box (8 cookies/box). On the bright side, the ingredients listed are healthy, like red winter wheat.
Rating: 5. perfect
Rating: 5. this is a great cleaning product! no smell and dries quickly and works on all types of surfaces!
Rating: 5. easy to use & actually work
Rating: 5. so far so good. I use it under my eyes /above my cheeks. I have noticed a difference in fine lines going away. Only fall back is shoots out of the tube because you have to pump it to much to.
Rating: 5. good price
Rating: 4. Simple to prepare. Tasty
Rating: 2. I would describe the flavor as watered-down orange water with sugar. I have tried other flavors that I liked better. I wanted something to quench my thirst and replenish nutrients after exercise and games, but this is full of high-fructose corn syrup. It contains "water, high fructose corn syrup, less than 0.5% of: ______". I didn't find it to be nutritious nor helpful after exercise. I have stopped drinking it.
Rating: 5. Works as listed
Rating: 5. Tastes so great that I could eat the whole thing. Time will tell if I see a difference in my joints but this is so tasty and easy to take. I can't take capsules; they're too large
Rating: 5. All these fruit and nut bars are a great substitute for candy snacks and full of nuts and dried fruits like cranberry and cherry. This one has ginger in it, a different taste to be sure.
Rating: 5. Love Ricola flavors. Great shipping by Amazon.
Rating: 5. Very nice flavor and consistency
Rating: 2. I am NOT getting a close shave with this stuff. I used it when I went on vacation because I always have bad luck with aerosols when I travel with them.
Rating: 5. I absolutely love this product! I have very fine hair that generally gets weighed down and greasy looking from any product, but this stuff is amazing. It controls 95% of my fly always with only a blow dryer and a round brush. My hair looks smoother and shinier, and it still light and feels silky. I use it everyday.
Rating: 2. These spill over in our microwave. Better to go with the traditional box, not the microwavable.
Rating: 1. This is one of the worst anti-persperants/deodorants I've ever used. After the first day, I decided I didn't like it, but wanted to give it a fair shot. Three days was all I could take. It was fall in Chicago, so not terribly hot. I sweated and smelled horrible all three days. It was embarrassing being at work and smelling that bad. In fact, I've gone to work and forgotten deodorant before and not smelled that bad. It's also not aluminum free.
Rating: 5. Great deal, I don't have to go out and buy at a faraway store.
Rating: 5. I had gotten a free sample of the white grape flavor and used it for my son when he was sick. I usually use tylenol and have to dose several times a day! With this Motrin, it lasted all day, and ALL night! What a comfort that was to not have to wake him during the night to redose his fever medication!
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 4. Smell so nice
Rating: 5. Delicious and it works!
Rating: 3. All 3 cans are dented. I don't expect to pay full price for that.
Rating: 5. Excellent product
Rating: 3. Very good product but it's just to much of it when you order it, lasts a long time for us
Rating: 1. Box was a crushed box. We expect when we get these items in good faith and our hard earned money that we can depend that we get good product, not busted or smashed boxes.
Rating: 5. nice
Rating: 5. Great cereal, great price!
Rating: 5. Its a very unique task to write a product on a foodstuff item. When purchasing grocery items our family already knows what we want and what we like to buy. So a pantry box will be filled with products that we buy on a regular basis. This product is no different. High quality product, great taste and a constant staple at our house.
Rating: 5. A+, thanks
Rating: 5. This is great! I cannot find it in stores near me. NOTHING sticks to it. Cooks food evenly with no issues.
Rating: 5. would highly recommend this product for all maple lovers! there is no bitternessand it is not sweet (which i feared) Just right!!!
Rating: 5. good flavor. good price
Rating: 5. Love
Rating: 5. Love this with a little sweetener and milk. YUM!
Rating: 5. Lovely perfumey flavor. Great hot or iced. Very similar to a lighter Earl Grey flavor.
Rating: 5. I have used Traumeel before and it has always helped my aches and pains in my body. I recommend it to anyone for pain relief of pain in joints and muscles.
Rating: 5. My dog absolutely loved this! One treat was not enough - I never saw him so excited for a treat, didn't last long.
Rating: 5. Use it everyday
Rating: 1. Two problems with the product - 1. The "other ingredients" listed contain harmful/controversial chemicals. No wonder they ask you to get immediate medical help if ingested. 2. The pump is designed to spit out more than an inch of toothpaste strip, about 4 times more than the required pea-size for kids. Alas there's no way to return this item either.
Rating: 5. very tasty try it
Rating: 5. I'm always nervous trying a new flavor.... the strawberry is Delicious!
Rating: 4. Very good, not too salty. Great for the chills in the winter!
Rating: 3. Good tasting tea but the mixed berry is much better tasting
Rating: 3. CLEANS WELL BUT BREAKS UP TOO FAST
Rating: 5. 10th or 12th reorder. They are excellent for the price,
Rating: 5. Yum! They look funny as they are brownish. These taste fantastic.
Rating: 5. Used this for years. Love it
Rating: 5. Just like the store!
Rating: 5. good for you
Rating: 4. Overall, Secret is a very good brand. For regular use like going to work without any exertion this will work fine. However, I've found that the clinical strength versions are way better and worth the extra $. For folks like me that travel, having a good deodorant/perspirant is mandatory. I'm on planes for 15-16 hours at times, traveling over a 36 hour period, so I need a powerful long lasting formula. But, for regular use this original formula should work just fine, so I keep a stock of these too. It smells good. However, it will leave a slight amount by of residue under the arms on some clothing.
Rating: 5. second time ordering. always great
Rating: 5. Everyone I have recommended this to absolutely love it. It's basically aspirin for your body! It's not greasy . Just rub it on and go.
Rating: 1. eww
Rating: 5. Cheaper than other options, feels smooth and good, bees bees bees.
Rating: 5. Always use band aid brand
Rating: 5. Always a great thirst quencher after a hard work out in the gym.
Rating: 5. Our dogs started on this a few years ago. We mixed it with the wellness small breed dry food and turkey canned and it's been working out great.
Rating: 3. ok
Rating: 5. Quite delicious and arrives fresh. The price isn't the best in the world, but the convenience of having it shipped to my door is well worth it.
Rating: 5. my wife loves this stuff.
Rating: 5. Yumm!! I went through these so fast. One thing you should note is that they are fun-sized bars. I did not know that when I ordered them.
Rating: 3. I bought several of these for a ( non electric ) camping trip. I wanted the smaller size so we did not waste large jars.. However, when they arrived two of the jar were separated and a liquid, not mayo consistency. I did get a refund from Amazon right away. Was disappointed Since these were not much less than the larger quart size, it really wasn't a product saver for me. I buy this brand and flavor all the time. First time I have every had this happen in 50 yrs, The one that did not separate, I tossed.. Did not want to take the chance,
Rating: 5. tasty
Rating: 2. Didn't care for it. Did not turn my coffee as white like regular creamer. Same calories.
Rating: 5. We love these! They're so thick and seem to last forever!
Rating: 3. My 3 month old's skin turned red when using these... He has not been sensitive to any other products until this, although I don't blame the product of course. I'll be trying something more sensitive, tho!
Rating: 5. These are so crunchy that sometimes it surprises me, but the flavor is fantastic!!! Really love smearing a lil homemade peanut butter on them for a boost of protein! And a bonus, my husband likes them too!!!
Rating: 5. A Cover Girl quality product.
Rating: 5. great value
Rating: 2. Very crunchy but and as the name implies they are cheesy, but not a hit with me.
Rating: 5. Nice scent
Rating: 4. Put it where you want it not where you splash it.
Rating: 4. Great taste! I like the convenience of the smaller bags. Chips were fresh and delicious
Rating: 5. Tasty, but Ensure is easier to open and there is no packaging to dispose of...
Rating: 5. I had a problem with roaches at home. I just hated to see them. I will clean my house all the time,use disinfectants, take out the garbage everyday, and use those roaches sprays. But that only seemed like it tickle them. Nothing to seem to get rid of them I was beginning to feel frustrated. I was even thinking of hiring an exterminator to get rid of the problem but they where charging a lot of money for the job. So I opted to try a few things before I wasted that money. I try several products that promess you to fix your issue and be roach free but nothing worked. I came across this product and read the reviews and decide to give it a try. It was less than 20 bucks and boy. It work wonders. I only used it once and suddenly I stop seeing roaches. It was like a miracle. This was so far the only product that has help me get rid of those things. I highly recommend it. I will use it again just to make sure they don't come back.
Rating: 5. absolutely love this sugar. Great in baking 1 to 1, coffee, kool-aid, etc
Rating: 1. Too hard brush
Rating: 5. Only a decent price with Amazon Pantry. I love Oreos!
Rating: 4. This stuff is pretty darn tasty. You know it isn't real mashed potatoes, it still has a bit of that instant food taste. But it's yummy. My main complaint is that there are so many calories, and it's so addictive. Yum yum.
Rating: 5. Yum! These are by far my favorite Fiber One bar. They are only 2 points if you are like me and count Weight Watcher's points, and make the best snack. I like to place in the microwave and heat for 8 seconds and have with a cup of coffee. There is nothing better!!!
Rating: 5. Great!
Rating: 5. My grandmother used to get B12 shots to help her with stamina. I have been taking the pill form for a number of years and it has always worked for me. I am so glad that Amazon is offering this product at such a great price. Thank you Nature Made.
Rating: 5. I don't know about you but cheap but cheap toilet paper isn't for me. Cottonelle is so soft on the backside and it's worth every penny. I don't mind spending a little more for little more coverage.
Rating: 1. Tastes terrible.
Rating: 5. Good Price
Rating: 4. I like it because it's enough to use throughout the house for refreshening.
Rating: 5. Love using this for baking. Love the fact that one can reconstitute into liquid.
Rating: 5. Great Size. Tastes great.
Rating: 5. Great price nice item
Rating: 1. I don't understand how there are so many good reviews! This product is aweful! Over-fried, dry, greasy! Healthy? Really?
Rating: 4. Great for sensitive skin
Rating: 5. grandchildren loved it
Rating: 3. Love the fruit taste, but the sweetener aftertaste takes away from the product. It is a low calorie sweetener but I can't find the brand.
Rating: 5. Really like these tissues! Sturdy and soft!
Rating: 5. Fresh product packed well
Rating: 5. Of course, it's good. It's syrup~!
Rating: 5. These are so yummy! Much better than store bought hot chocolate packs. I love how quickly it is to make it. My whole family drinks these so we buy it often.
Rating: 5. great snack
Rating: 5. I like this
Rating: 5. Yummy.
Rating: 3. NOT the same Lemon Zinger I purchased in North Carolina grocery stores. This is not bad, but it is more hibiscus and less lemon than what I expected. The brewed tea is also pinker. The package of six 20 count boxes I received from Amazon apparently were imported from Belgium. The printing on the box is different, also. A side panel does show the same artwork as the American made top of the box, but the rest is different which, of course, has no effect on the taste of the tea, but may help the Amazon online shopper distinguish between the two blends.
Rating: 5. Absolutely love this soap which make a lovely lather and feels great and it's very cleansing on my skin. Nice exfoliating soap!
Rating: 4. The milk was fine, however; two boxes came open and moldy. Somewhat of a disaapointment. The containers that I received that were still sealed were fine. My granddaughter loves hemp milk.
Rating: 1. My girl didn't even want to eat it. I tried it myself. I don't like it either. It is too sweet.
Rating: 5. Great diaper. We love the fit and the absorbency of cruisers for an active toddler.
Rating: 5. Great value
Rating: 5. works
Rating: 2. I was hopeful that these would be a great option for our childrens lunch bags for school. Unfortunately our children, their teachers, and the lunch ladies could not open them with the straw. We tried to send them to school with these three times and now our children are too embarrassed to take them since they cant open them. I tried to open them at home and could only stick the straw through about one out of every four pouches. Im thinking we must have a defected batch since there are only a few reviews reporting difficulties with opening them.
Rating: 5. Delicious tea, good price
Rating: 5. Prefer Jasmine over any other kind of rice.
Rating: 5. The kids love these I have purchased them in the store before and wanted to fill my pantry box, so got them. The price was better on Amazon.
Rating: 3. Very watery. Light taste. It' ok.
Rating: 5. I am diabetic so i drink G2. What else is there to say? Great product. Wish you would loower the price beacuse it is almost double what it costs at Publix. I order through amazon because i am a 100% disabled vet and can not always get to the groc store. A disable vet discount would be a really good thing to offer to the several 100,000+ veterans from Viet Nam, Korea, panama, The Gulf War and All of the further conflicts. Even offering 25% off would be awesome.
Rating: 5. My favorite water! Worth spending the high price as a treat for myself every now and then.
Rating: 5. yummie! Such a good flavor! I love this bar anyway and this peach flavor does not disappoint!
Rating: 5. just wish it had stronger tooth whitening properties and didn't create a red mark on my face where the brush stem sits upon my lower jaw. Probably just an irritation from the Cinnamon
Rating: 5. Satisfying, good to the last drop!
Rating: 5. I love the scent!
Rating: 5. Bought so many I think my starting to look like the bottle.
Rating: 4. good paper but i ordered the wrong weight so i gave it to the kids to use crafts with
Rating: 5. Still my favorite coffee!
Rating: 5. I love it.
Rating: 5. Yummy.
Rating: 5. these things work great on soap scum and dirt in the shower. They kind of disentegrate as you clean but no abrasives so doesnt mess up your fiberglass. I was amazed since the spray cleaners weren't working well at all.
Rating: 5. Love this coffee. Good price on prime pantry when it went on sale
Rating: 3. I saw a negative review saying that there was a hole in the bag. So, I'm writing this as a "mee, too" review. If you think a hole/tear in the bag is nothing much, try it sometime. Even using tape and whatever, the baking soda gets all over the place (my pants, the cats, the garage, the table) and you almost HOPE that you actually run out of the product just to stop the leakage.
Rating: 4. This was affordable and perfect for what I needed. The only draw-back is that you can't make the mobile spin without the music playing also.
Rating: 1. Noticeable burn smell in nose during use!
Rating: 5. I love this wrap, no more wrestling with cling wraps
Rating: 4. Batteries charge very well.
Rating: 4. This nut mix is pretty good but for some reason I found it a little dry but some people might like it that way.
Rating: 5. I LOVE these freeze dried raspberries. I crush them and put them into my own Trail Mix and in my morning cereal. Intense flavor, great texture. I'll buy these again for sure.
Rating: 5. Good price.
Rating: 5. REALLY GOOD DISHWASHER DETERGENT & A GOOD PRICE ON IT TOO!!
Rating: 2. The turkey had very little gravy and is too dry.
Rating: 1. My son wouldn't eat these and when I tried them I knew why. They taste like cardboard.
Rating: 5. Bought as gift
Rating: 5. My fav affordable conitioner
Rating: 5. I drink this at night and it always seems to help me feel calmer, taste good too
Rating: 5. The perfect snack for children with allergies. I wish they made even more products.
Rating: 1. I was so excited to see that there was a size 7 diaper. Unfortunately, they made the diaper extremely thin so it doesn't hold my 2 year olds urine.
Rating: 5. great to have on hand at work in case you didn't have time for breakfast...and it is delicious.
Rating: 5. Love these
Rating: 3. The taste was ok, but it took forever to be ready. I kept checking and it was still hard. I'm not gonna buy it again.
Rating: 5. I have purchased Decaf Twinings English Breakfast Tea before and I enjoy it very much. It is often difficult to find locally.
Rating: 2. included brush does not collect blush for application. I end up spreading more of it on the counter than applying to my face. Does not hold as well as other products.
Rating: 1. I have bought other teas from Coffee Bean Direct and was satisfied, but this is so bad I can not even stand to drink it. It tastes like diesel fuel...it may have been contaminated or something. Too bad. I will probably not buy from them again.
Rating: 5. I am normally a skeptic when it comes to healthy food options. After making the decision to lose some weight I decided to try these cliff bars as a meal replacement. I wasn't wasting eating breakfast and thought I'd try to add that instead. I was so happy with the taste and quality ingredients. I would most definitely recommend these products to anyone looking for a healthy replacement to cookies or candy or just wanting to supplement a diet or weight loss program.
Rating: 2. I used this for my kid for many years, but stopped, after noticing that the shampoo STICKS ON TIGHT, and takes repeated rinsing to get off. It's VERY DRYING as others had reviewed. My kid broke out in rash, if any residue is not scrubbed OR RINSED WELL from the skin. We switched her to Aveeno shampoo & taking shower, rather than bath, and her skin improved.
Rating: 5. You really cannot go wrong with chai tea and these cups fit perfectly into my Keurig machine.
Rating: 3. Doesn't leave streaks, but doesn't get all the dirt out of the TV screen--just kind of swishes it around the surface
Rating: 2. doesn't live up to advertising -- I prefer other whitening agents
Rating: 3. Don't love the smell, it feels like it also drys faster than others.
Rating: 5. I used this to coat my chicken in my air fryer. It came out good.
Rating: 1. Not good at all not worth what paid for
Rating: 5. I like the bold taste
Rating: 5. Great taste and decently healthy, in moderation. Item was packed well and arrived quickly. Expiration date was several months after the ship date.
Rating: 5. what can you say about mayo except wipe your mouth you have mayo all over your mouth!!
Rating: 5. Good deal!
Rating: 5. These are the best wipes and are super gentle even when you have to use lots on your baby! Use these above all other wipes.
Rating: 5. This lotion has been great for my hubby. He has dry, sensitive skin that oil of Olay has not been able to soothe. I bought him a small sample of this cream and he noticed such a difference that I purchased him this.
Rating: 4. Price is prohibitive - for the price of one box of one dozen or so you can buy a box of 100 tea bags
Rating: 5. Great deal! We laughed when we opened the box to see the colony of K-cups looking back at us. I love this stuff and this is much less expensive than buying the smaller boxes. Also like the 3 varieties.
Rating: 5. Great value! Delivered straight to my front door!
Rating: 5. I made asian soup with this and it is wonderful.
Rating: 1. had NO pineapple flavor at all, all I tasted was the sweetner. Will not buy again, this 1 or any other flavor, too expensive for the lack of taste
Rating: 5. I love Rice-a-Roni because it's the perfect quick meal when I can't think of what to make. The Mexican style Rice-a-Roni is versatile and can go with a Mexican themed meal or stand alone main dish.
Rating: 5. just eat it
Rating: 5. The Honey Maid graham crackers came quickly and were super fresh when opened. I couldn't be happier.
Rating: 1. Batteries run out faster then store bought ones. We would put them in our camera and 30 pictures later they were nearly dead. it happened three times. Disappointed in performance,
Rating: 2. I don't know why but both plastic bottles smell to me.
Rating: 5. LOVE, no mess no bleach stains from splashing on my clothes.
Rating: 5. Tried day I got it. Very tasty and reordered immediately. Better than plain tomato soup.
Rating: 5. Love this snack...low in sugar and tasty...My favorite since I was a child...and I'm not a child anymore! TS
Rating: 1. Did absolutly nothing, a total waste of money.....
Rating: 1. my 80lb golden doodle would not eat this
Rating: 4. Works well but the flavor takes getting used to.
Rating: 3. It feels like petroleum jelly
Rating: 5. They work, great price
Rating: 2. My pup did not like the food and I didn't realize that it wasn't manufactured in the US until after I purchased
Rating: 5. great for quick breakfast or snack. eating one right now filling this out! best to catch in your cart at a dropped price, makes them taste better if you get a deal on it!
Rating: 5. Loves these, I will buy again and again.
Rating: 5. I love Nutella! Who doesn't? This is the best thing in the world!!!
Rating: 5. Does what it's supposed to do.
Rating: 5. works great
Rating: 3. It is dryer than I would have thought it should be. I won't purchase anymore mascara from Amazon. THis is the 2nd I have purchased that I think was sitting in storage for awhile before sold.
Rating: 5. Very good.
Rating: 5. A very good product, recommend to anyone who wants something crisp and not unhealthy
Rating: 5. Our favorite family pump hand soap and scent. Kids love the smell and wash their hands without reminders now, love it.
Rating: 5. Freeze dried stuff keeps for such a long time & is handy to have on hand.
Rating: 3. gift
Rating: 5. AAAA
Rating: 3. Pretty good, sufficient protein. Really cheap price point.
Rating: 5. Happens to kill ants super quickly as well as clean effectively.
Rating: 5. Gold Bond is amazing stuff. I bought it just to help with the humid summer months. My man-thingys need help during the long hot & humid days, and Gold Bond does the trick. When I sprinkled it on Mr. Johnsonville and The Boys, look out!!! Not only does it tingle, but I'm pretty sure, if I consentrated hard enough, I could fly. Maybe even put out forest fires with my crotch. It has that much cooling. Not sure if this is how every super hero starts (sprinkling Gold Bond on their "precious"), but I'm going with the super hero moniker "Capt. Freezy-Pants".
Rating: 5. Good price for the size and good quality...same as expensive name brand only a much better deal.
Rating: 5. always good to loose a quick 5 pounds.
Rating: 5. Always good
Rating: 5. These are very tasty. I should have ordered more, once you start eating them, you can't stop.
Rating: 1. Gahross! The flavor is so artificial and overwhelming I spit it out...yes, I know--very lady like.
Rating: 5. In our family, Heinz is the best out of all the ketchup brands, and this flavour is the best in the Heinz ketchup line. I know this review is for product feedback and not shipping but just an FYI: the lids are interchangeable between this flavour--they might be bigfger or small in size but the actual screwy part inside is the same. This is helpful if a shipped bottle arrives with a slightly cracked lid, or if you drop it as I am prone to do! lol
Rating: 5. Yum! Miss the gold wrappers tho!
Rating: 2. Too much sugar, it exhausts my body
Rating: 5. Yum. yum. Yum!!!!!!! Great concept! i LOVE that I can toss this into my purse or my travel bag. At the hotel I was so happy to not need to use those powered bags that are never enough creamer for me! No more calling for Room Service for more Cream and Sweetener!!! I took this container on holiday with my sister. We used it three mornings and I had used it for 2 days prior to the trip. We both drank 2-3 cups a day. So.... it lasted 8-12 cups. i like my coffee pale and sweet, my sister likes it dirty looking. When I both this it was about $3 and I am very pleased with $3-$5 price range saving me from calling for room service and giving me the taste I love while away from home. I am willing to pay a bit more for the convenience of the Creamer. And convenient it is!!! I do not think this is a solution for home use. But if you are going out of town and want your control over your coffee... this might be what you are looking for. It works for me and my sister! Hope that gives you an idea of what to expect.
Rating: 4. Love Aussie!
Rating: 5. Excellent product!
Rating: 5. Omg so good! I don't think I've ever had a white chocolate and coconut combo before..it may be My new favorite combination!
Rating: 5. A great deep pore cleansing face wash. It really helps to gently clear the pores on your face!
Rating: 5. Product is as described, good value. Arrived on time as scheduled.
Rating: 5. Really neat and perfect for frig or picnic.
Rating: 5. I've been buying items on Amazon for 10 years and have never given a review. I was compelled to because of the great results. I just wish I would have used this item years ago. I smoked and drank coffee for years and the strips still worked for me.
Rating: 4. A little grit (sand?) in the mix.
Rating: 5. yum
Rating: 4. Excellent flavor, excellent texture
Rating: 5. I love this lotion. I've been using it for years. As someone with chemical sensitivity issues, I'm always looking for good fragrance-free products, and this is definitely the best lotion out there, in my opinion.
Rating: 2. Bounty is my favorite paper towel. This one reads as big rolls. It is not!!! It's cheaper at Walmart.
Rating: 2. Prefer regular wrap.
Rating: 5. These leave my clothes and sheets feeling and smelling great. The zip-lock top is a nice touch and definitely helps to keep the pods from sticking together because it keeps humidity out.
Rating: 5. Strawberry tastes awesome
Rating: 5. This Stuff is my favorite mouthwash. I tried every other brand in the universe. some were bad, some were good, and some are better, but..... nothing beats This particular flavor. Glad to be a Listerine Fan. My favorite part is the freshness and refreshing feeling in the morning. This comes in to my mouth right after the coffee!
Rating: 5. Quality nuts. Good for you too.
Rating: 5. Great tasting and a bit sweet, but really good.
Rating: 5. The brownies that you can create with this mix are RIDICULOUSLY GOOD!!! If you prepare them with just the usual butter, eggs, and water, you'll end up with an excellent brownie. If you take it to the next level and add the optional cup of chocolate chips or nuts, you'll end up with a fantastic brownie! And if you do what my wife does and add a half-cup of chocolate chips and a half-cup of chopped pecans, your brownies will achieve TOTAL AWESOMENESS!!! We're talkin' eyes-roll-back-in-the-head-accompanied-by-oohs-and-aaahs-of-pleasure-sounds awesomeness! There is absolutely no "gluten-free penalty" with this mix. Serve it with confidence to anyone whose life you wish to improve. PS. We ended up letting ours cook about 10 minutes longer than the instructions suggested in order to get the contents in the middle of the pan done. Your oven temp may vary. Just keep an eye on things after the 35-minute mark.
Rating: 5. I thought it will very sweet when I saw the information in the ingredients introduction. Because it contains lot of sugar. But it is not like my previous image after I ate it. Alsome! I will buy it again!
Rating: 5. Tastes great, I love my mac and cheese!!
Rating: 2. My family did not like the texture compared to other brands. Also lacking in flavor.
Rating: 5. Excellent product, exactly what I needed and wanted.
Rating: 5. Try first in store before ordering. This is an acquired test. We like it! Great price plus if you live in a state that charges CRV for plastic bottles and cans this is a really good deal. Like the 12 ounce individual size.
Rating: 5. Best soap
Rating: 5. Excellent value
Rating: 1. I really don't have a product review. I use the St. Ives Naturally Soothing Body Lotion and have found I can no longer find it. They have come out with Nourish and Soothe but the ingredients aren't the same. I am terribly disappointed. They both say Oatmeal and Shea Butter but ingredients are different. Why change something that works. I hate to look somewhere else but if this is watery and non absorbing like others are saying then I will have to look else where. Have highly recommended this to others but will now have to tell them they have changed it. I am very disappointed.
Rating: 1. This dental floss breaks and shreds each time I use it. Very poor quality product that often leaves small pieces between teeth. I cannot recommend it at all.
Rating: 1. These cookies used to be amazing, but it seems they recently changed the formulation. Very disappointed and will not be repurchasing.
Rating: 5. Best tomato soup out there. Tastes great with a grilled cheese!!! Will no longer buy Campbell's!
Rating: 5. The variety of nuts was perfect for the holidays... enough peanuts to drive the price down, and enough fancies to have with company over.
Rating: 5. I really like this facial cleanser. It does not dry out my face and I have a combination of oily and dry skin. Only need a dab so the product lasts a long time. Great price for 5oz.
Rating: 5. HAPPY Customer
Rating: 5. Love Clorox products. I really liked this because it stays in place and does not run down the shower walls and leave "streaks" like regular Clorox cleanup does. It goes down solid and leaves no discoloration.
Rating: 5. Loved this product these are one of fav!!
Rating: 5. IMO, Viva are the best paper towels by far. I guess that is why they are more expensive. I order from Amazon in bulk to save money.
Rating: 5. it didn't seem as full as regular drug store, but great produckt
Rating: 3. Disappointing. Spray is more of a targeted drizzle than a spray. Other brands are far more moisturizing. No long term results.
Rating: 5. Never disappointed with Febreeze.
Rating: 5. I love cupcakes especially chocolate one. They taste delicious and it's time for me to reorder
Rating: 5. I have hardwood floors and very hard to keep clean, with my two dogs. I ordered the Naturally Derived Squirt & Mop Solution. My floors are shining and easy to keep clean. I love it.
Rating: 5. Excellent!!!
Rating: 5. My wife is a chap stick fanatic, and this completed her collection, she loves it.
Rating: 2. Have not had any success with it relieving the pain in my thumb joints. Will keep trying for a while longer though.
Rating: 5. Yummy mix
Rating: 5. So I am not the intended market for this snack (aka mid 20's) and yes this snack is for me, not a child. I am currently having some health issues the require a medication that destroys my appetite and leaves me nauseous. So my stomach is a mess and I've lost a ton of weight. That is not including my massive list of food intolerances and allergies I have (yeast, oats, quinoa, chia seeds, preservatives, pesticides, and so on). Needless to say it is incredibly hard to find packaged food to munch on. And if I do it usually taste like cardboard. These little snacks are AMAZING. They are slightly sweet and have a crisp corn and rice texture. They are light and easy on the stomach with very few ingredients. They taste like crisp sweet tangy apples. Really yummy. I actually wish I could get a box of this as a cereal. As an adult I can eat 3-4 packages of these no problem so an option for bulk buying would be fantastic. I definitely recommend these to pretty much anyone.
Rating: 5. great product
Rating: 5. Works great
Rating: 4. These protein bars are very tasty in my opinion, but they are not the best thing you could be eating with about 22g of sugar per bar. If you are an active athlete or bulking and don't care too much about sugar intake these are good. However, if you are looking to maintain a balanced diet while working out there are other healthier options that still taste good.
Rating: 4. Nice flavor and not too sweet.
Rating: 5. This soap is perfect for our bathroom. I would like to order a bigger bottle next time! It has a mild, fresh smell - not too strong.
Rating: 5. Aunt Jemina is so easy to use. Makes good pancakes without having to include eggs and milk.
Rating: 5. We loved these. The center is a cream cheese filling with the cookie parts being red velvet. The combination is quite flavorful.
Rating: 5. Great variety of flavors that tasted great!!
Rating: 5. i need to chew my bread, not dissolve it with saliva. a pretty good price at reasonable quantities.
Rating: 5. I get Amy's soups because it is one of the few soups that use organic ingredients AND BPA-free can liners. It helps that the soups taste good too.
Rating: 1. Unbelievably crumbly. Not something to hand to a child to eat. It just falls apart and lands everywhere but in the kids mouth.
Rating: 5. Such a good product, testy for my dogs
Rating: 1. Worst Glad product I have ever tried! This does NOT stick even to itself.
Rating: 5. Really delicious!
Rating: 5. Fresh
Rating: 5. Delicious macadamia nuts roasted with just sea salt. I love that there are no weird seed or vegetable oils added. These were VERY fresh and tasted like the ones I bought in Maui last year.
Rating: 5. Very home style
Rating: 5. nice
Rating: 3. My vet says not to use this if your dog also takes Rimadyl or its generic. It would otherwise be good for occasional use but I found it hard to get it down my canine . You can hide it in cheese but you need to break it apart first. Kind of a hassle.
Rating: 5. Loved these noodles
Rating: 5. Love this product. I am switching to it.
Rating: 5. Great buy on a good cleaner!
Rating: 4. Pretty good lip gloss, the color is nice and rich, it glides on nicely. Would order again.
Rating: 3. too spicy for my taste. Odd aftertaste
Rating: 3. Up, it works as designed.
Rating: 5. People. Please stop complaining about whether or not these came in the box - it's an obvious shipping issue. (Box: Bigger/ more likely to be damaged, extra waste, etc. Then, of course, there is the cost of shipping.) Mine also arrived without the box (which I really appreciated) and were in perfect condition and fresh. Kudos to the seller. The strips whiten, and I am happy. Can we focus on the actual product performance (not the box), and review that? That said, I will not hesitate to order these again from the same seller; they work, do not cause excessive pain nor are they uncomfortable to wear. The bonus is that the seller did not send me any wasteful packaging.
Rating: 5. works great
Rating: 4. Does what it is supposed to do on the label.
Rating: 5. Loves it
Rating: 5. Prompt delivery. Product as advertised.
Rating: 5. Wonderful laundry additive. Environmentally friendly. Nice price at Amazon!
Rating: 5. No better bottled tea around!
Rating: 2. Granted, I am not a guy, and only bought this since it came with a Prime Pantry deal. But I was shocked when I started using it and the smell was so overpowering, it was like showering in Aqua Velva. Fortunately, once I rinsed it out of my hair and put regular conditioner in, my hair didn't seem to smell like the shampoo at all. I've never bought a "woman's" shampoo that had this much perfume, so I'm wondering why the scent needs to be so strong. Otherwise, the product seems to work well.
Rating: 5. very refreshing
Rating: 5. Great product, would definitely recommend to others.
Rating: 5. I purchased this dye because I have African-American hair and I was concerned about chemicals causing my hair to break. The addition of the oils and conditioner left my hair soft and silky. I will definitely purchase again
Rating: 5. Very softly scented and works very well. My husband has had allergic reactions to a few laundry detergents and this one works great with no issues.
Rating: 4. This French Roast (dark roast) is my favorite of the Happy Belly blends I've tried. I won't say it's the best French Roast I've had, but this did come pre-ground and whole bean is almost always better. I'm not sure where the "smoky" comes from in the description, I'm not really getting that, but it is a very good coffee with plenty of flavor and none of the bitterness you sometimes get. A really nice coffee for the price.
Rating: 5. good product
Rating: 5. tastes like candy!
Rating: 5. love
Rating: 5. Our family loves Asian Sides by Knorrs. The Teriyaki Rice goes well with any main dish~
Rating: 5. Organic means more expensive, but I really liked these snack bars. The kids really enjoyed these and they were decently sweet. They were also really soft and very tasty.
Rating: 5. I have a particular piece of clothing that needs this spray, and to my delight, it works just great~I use this refresher on many things around the house. Love it~
Rating: 4. Not too snug. Light support.
Rating: 5. Cute. They worked well while swimming on our vacation.
Rating: 3. Does not irritate my sensitive skin, but is not as moisturizing as other brands I have tried.
Rating: 5. Great product.
Rating: 5. great Product
Rating: 5. DELISH!!!!
Rating: 5. These are great flushable wipes!
Rating: 5. The best.
Rating: 5. Love these, easier to use then the liquid bleach.
Rating: 5. Great tasting beverage.
Rating: 5. MAKE WITH AU JUS TASTES JUST THE RESTAURANT MAKES LOVE IT
Rating: 5. The Value Pack is definitely the less expensive way to purchase this product.
Rating: 1. It didn't work at all.
Rating: 4. This actually does whiten adult teeth and would be helpful to smokers.
Rating: 1. The water was very smelly
Rating: 5. one of the most delicious treats know to man or woman!!!
Rating: 3. It stuck and a bit flimsy and not alot in it for price difference. And yes I used correct side you insult us by saying use dull side when it IS written on non stick side hello jaja.
Rating: 1. Tastes horrible, simply tap water. Real purified water test at a PPM(parts per million) of 0. This water PPM tested at 170, the same as my tap water. Disgraceful fraudulence and misrepresentation.
Rating: 5. They are great and perfect for my oatmeal breakfast.
Rating: 4. Good product, needed only a bit more seasoning for people from South Louisiana, USA.
Rating: 5. Delicious!
Rating: 5. Wonderful. Just right spices. Great for a Party!
Rating: 5. Awesome! Great taste good price
Rating: 5. JUST AS DESCRIBED. CAME FAST. THANK YOU.
Rating: 1. Seriously the worst blades I've used. I use a safety razor because my skin is sensitive and it irritates my skin less than multiblade disposables. The first blade out of the box was so dull on the first shave I got razor burn and I only get razor burn if I forget to change my blade after more than 1 week. Not worth the money. The printing on the blades is also sloppy and barely legible, possibly an indicator of poor quality control.
Rating: 5. Definitely helps the dry, cracked skin on my hands caused by cold winter weather.
Rating: 5. These are great! just like Trader Joes rice crackers.
Rating: 5. Awesome
Rating: 5. Love this. I add this to my bagel/toast every morning for breakfast!
Rating: 1. This toothpaste is toxic. I've never had a problem with toothpaste, but for some reason this really burns my mouth. The insides of my mouth are still hurting, after brushing my teeth last night. My tongue, roof of my mouth, lips, inside of my lips are still really tender and hurt when I'm eating food. I don't know if I got a bad batch but I'm throwing these out. Can't use them another day.
Rating: 5. Ever since Shaklee stopped making theirs, I was searching for an adequate substitute. This is perfect! Thank you.
Rating: 5. Nice smell, classic Tide clean. Keep it away from your towels.
Rating: 5. I love that I can shop on Prime Pantry and get great bargains on items I usually get at my local grocery store. A lot of items have prices that can't be beat and everything is delivered right to my door. All the Prime Pantry items I buy are all food items that I love and used over and over again. Yummy and good quality!
Rating: 5. Watched Animaniacs while drinking this. It felt like I was back in the early 1990's again. It's also the only good thing to come out of the new Ghostbusters movie.
Rating: 4. does it job
Rating: 5. Good stuff.
Rating: 5. Great tasting item. Great for cereal or yogurt topping.
Rating: 5. great product, can tell the difference in a very short amount of time
Rating: 4. works in tumble washer
Rating: 5. I love it. it gets my teeth cleaner than they've ever been with a manual brush. I even bought one for my mom
Rating: 5. I love Earl Grey tea and have tried several brands but always come back to Twinings. This is my absolute favorite. It is perfect in every way.
Rating: 2. Bitter, tastes low quality. I would say equivalent to a Folgers or Maxwell House. If that kind of coffee is your type of coffee go for it, but is you like higher quality coffee, this is not for you.
Rating: 2. My boyfriend likes these, but I was really disappointed. I love Snyder's because I think that they generally taste very natural. These taste too salty, and in general are over seasoned. I'm not a picky eater and am a frequent snacker, and I would rather throw these out than eat them. Go for the plain Snyder's.
Rating: 4. Delicious and lots less sweet than I expected. Great treat and filling snack food:)
Rating: 5. Perfect! Just what I needed for my Bathbombs! thank you
Rating: 4. I still find this leaves a weird residue on my towels...but I love the concept.
Rating: 5. I love this, no one but Kleenex
Rating: 5. Really good value.
Rating: 3. These are OK but I don't get all the fuss, these are not better than Goldfish at all. Actually they are more annoying because they are coated like a Cheetos or Doritoz is and the cheese comes off on your hands. There's also little difference in taste because the cheese in this variety pack comes off onto the plain crackers so they are all cheddar anyway.
Rating: 5. Love these cute Band-Aids! The big difference between these and regular Band-Aids is that they are tapered at the ends, not squared off. They have a vinyl texture, not a fabric texture, but they are flexible and comfortable. Good coverage around the edges to keep dirt & germs out. Reliable quality that you'd expect from Band-Aid brand.
Rating: 3. Not as good as hershey's dark chocolate, but it's good. I also liked the inspirational sayings on the inside of the wrapper. I'm guessing these are marketed to girls.
Rating: 5. 7
Rating: 5. received today
Rating: 4. World fine Vic
Rating: 5. Recently went GF. Love these brownies! My only issue was that they seem to be underdone when I follow the directions. But my oven may be at fault. Pros: - Easy to make. - Moist (unlike other GF brownies) - Delicious - Yummy - I could go on... :) Cons: - Had to leave them in longer. - Making me fat.
Rating: 5. Tasty and convenient!
Rating: 5. Magnificent -- a universal condiment that can be put on almost anything except cold cereal. I have seen pictures of the International Space Station galley at dinnertime, and there's a bottle of this visible in the background -- since it probably cost hundreds of dollars to get it up there, it really says something about its quality, and how much it adds to a meal. What is it? Chili, sugar, garlic mostly -- but so good that it can make newspaper a delicious treat. My highest recommendations!
Rating: 4. Yes it's a little runny but for the price, I won't complain. I use dish soap for dishes and in my hand soap containers since it works well and doesn't cost a lot. This works just fine.
Rating: 5. These jugs are Perfect for a Subscription!! We ordered them because we always get them at the grocery store (Costco) anyway. How awesome that they were on subscription AND we saved around $2.00 per jug!
Rating: 1. I do not see a difference in terms of drying with and without it. I also usually see residues in my cookware.
Rating: 1. IT was a smaller size & quantity at a larger price than I am used to paying.
Rating: 5. love these picks. long enough to get between teeth,which others aren't.
Rating: 4. A great variety of medium and dark roast with fun names and flavors. Cannot beat the price! I like the taste of the coffee, not bitter or acidic and it is easy on my stomach. Usually get 1 or 2 decaf. The flavored coffees have good flavored aroma but the coffee tastes like coffee instead of flavored additive which is nice. Only downside is you occasionally get to many of one flavor you don't care for or maybe none of one of your favorites. Might be nice to have the option to buy individual flavors. Especially like Express-O, Vanilla Skyline, and Oh Fugde!
Rating: 5. My boyfriend loves this tea. He always buys the small single bottles at the store but they are very hard to find! I'm pleased to find this on amazon, he likes the mixture of the big bottle even more. Thanks for the convenience and good price!!
Rating: 5. Great to have on hand for a quick bathroom touch up when you have guests. Small package - easy to store and have on hand.
Rating: 1. Smelled horrible!! Threw in the trash!
Rating: 5. these are delicious
Rating: 4. I use these wipes A LOT! I clean everything with them and they smell great and they clean great!
Rating: 3. Maybe I didn't bake it long enough but it was quite mushy and the texture was weird compared to Bob's Mill Gluten Free cake mixes. The taste was okay but compared to the aforementioned product, i think its okayish.
Rating: 5. THe best buy! My son loves it!
Rating: 5. When I have guests, I can serve them the cashew halves and pieces. But for me, whole is the way to go.
Rating: 5. nice toothpaste, soft and comfortable.
Rating: 2. Not happy with product left my hair weighted down very dissapointed
Rating: 5. Finally a system that works well. I have thick curly hair that is non ethnic. This works well, leaving no knots and my hair is moisturized.
Rating: 5. Great smell!
Rating: 5. Exactly what was described was what was delivered. The size and style were perfect. The box was clean and not damaged.
Rating: 5. First time I used the pantry service, and I love it Thanks Guys
Rating: 4. I usually lean towards high-end thickening shampoos but am always on the lookout for something to use in between or as an alternative to my regular shampoo (Nick Chavez Plump n Thick). I have lots of fine hair but after two children back to back you can see my scalp more than ever. Surprisingly, walking through the shampoo aisle in my local Target I saw this brand and Renpure Collagen Thickening shampoo and decided to give this company a go. It's under $6, compared to the $30 I usually spend. Washed my hair this evening, conditioned only the ends and I must say, I see thickening!. Not as spectacular as my beloved Nick Chavez but it's good enough to give me the coverage I seek for everyday. I will be purchasing again along with Nick Chavez and alternate according to situation and hairstyle. Highly recommend!
Rating: 5. Simple solution is the best puppy pad in the market I started buying puppy pads 9 years ago. I have tried many brands and sizes. This one is the best! Plus I have used it for other things...baby diaper changer pad, under sick kids, etc. It has more uses than just a puppy pad.
Rating: 5. Delivered quickly, intact, and as described. Scent is nice, not too heavy. What can I say, it's soap lol
Rating: 5. Good.. Family HATED the "Fire Roasted" flavor, but THIS one is just pleasantly tomatoes!! SchoolMom
Rating: 5. Wonderful product.
Rating: 5. Crisp, fresh, and not too salty. These are delicious mixed nuts. Also, NO PEANUTS. Most mixed nut blends are full of peanuts and little else, making them a fairly poor value, but the Happy Belly nuts are much better than most. A lot of mixed nut blends are so salty they make your throat burn. These are nicely salted and have a good flavor, but you can taste the nuts themselves, not just salt.
Rating: 5. These are the best brush-heads I've ever used with my Oral Bs. I'm on my second or third Oral-B toothbrush over a couple of decades so I've used many different heads, including cheaper drugstore brands which don't last long at all. I switch when they start looking worn - about every 3 months for the Oral B brand, less for others. These are softer, so may not last as long, but I think they do a better job of brushing teeth and stimulating gums.
Rating: 5. Delicious and rich for desserts or making chocolate milk. Great price for a large amount!
Rating: 1. This is not Tuna! It is regurgitated mush with various types of fish/ & fat throughout it. My cats don't like it. It is not right that it misrepresented like this and sold !
Rating: 2. The first few times these pods were used, they worked great. However, now that we are about halfway through the bag, they have stopped dissolving. They are hard as rocks (when first purchased, the pods were squishy). After running, the pod will move from the cartridge to the bottom of the dishwasher, somewhat disheveled, but not dissolved at all. I like the convenience of the pods versus pouring powder into the cartridge, but I will not be purchasing this product again.
Rating: 5. These wands make it so easy to get the toilet clean.
Rating: 5. Wonderful protein!
Rating: 2. Left hair looking and feeling kinda greasy after as little as 6 hours. H&S is still the way to go.
Rating: 5. Everything like described
Rating: 5. I have taken several Calcium and D supplements and this one is the first that tasted great and gave me what I needed.
Rating: 2. The straw poking part is really hard to get in.
Rating: 5. Was a good price until now when added too much shipping and handling. My last purchase of two bags had no shipping and handling.
Rating: 5. ok
Rating: 5. Love this
Rating: 5. We love to use just essential oils and vinegar to clean our house, especially with a baby around. These wipes make cleaning up virtually any surface quick and easy. It is great that we aren't using harsh chemicals but are still able to keep a clean house. The essential oils are a pleasing, woodsy aroma in the home. Also, they are about half the price here than they are at the grocery store.
Rating: 5. Great stuff.
Rating: 5. I frequently eat a CLIF Bar as breakfast, and nothing can beat the crunchy peanut butter flavor!
Rating: 1. Did not like the texture of this oatmeal
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 3. This tea is not bad, but far from really good. Sleepy time is wonderful, but this is just the base for that tea with a lot better stuff put into it. If you want a really good tea, this is not it.
Rating: 5. Great price! Shipped fast!
Rating: 5. pretty big jar of soap. it does the job.
Rating: 5. Wife loves them
Rating: 5. This stuff is great. I use it in my ancient Saeco espresso machine every four to six months.
Rating: 5. perfect sweet and sour and texture. love it.
Rating: 5. Dove USA soap our family has used since I was a very small child. I do remember my father using Dial, but the girls and my mother used Dove. When I became a mother I used Ivory fir my children, but I hung onto the Dove. As years rolled ny I used many liquid face and body soaps, but, somehow, I always returned to Dove. I feel clean after using Dove, my body feels better, softer and more pliable. My daughters use Dove, and it seems to be a family thing. The soap is gentle, has a clean scent, and price wise you cannot beat Dove. I prefer the white bars, but have used the other scented bars on occasion. As we know Dove contains1/4 moisturizing cream and mild cleansers. This us the reason that I love Dove. Now, three generations of women in our family are using Dove. Recommended. prisrob 10-02-16
Rating: 5. Great product & quick shipment!
Rating: 4. This box of 40 k-cups is a great deal at the price I paid, which I believe was $22. At Starbucks, you can buy a 12 pack of k-cups for like $10, by way of comparison. The coffee is also tasty. I didn't realize that "variety pack" included decaf, though it works ok for us because my son likes to drink decaf (since we won't give him regular). It also has several different flavored coffee, which I didn't realize ahead of time. Luckily, I like flavored coffees, but I know that some people absolutely hate them so be forewarned.
Rating: 3. Yummy but...The commonly sold plastic jar of Nutella is actually produced in Canada! The real stuff is produced in Italy & is sold in glass jars. The original Italian product is much better. A big difference in taste! It is a little more expensive but, if you can get it buy it!
Rating: 5. I use this to mix into smoothies for extra fiber and digestive benefits for both me and my kids. They don't even notice it - which is the best part! Good size - easy to close - I will definitely buy again.
Rating: 1. Maybe it's just me but these were ridiculously salty. The nuts are covered in what I thought would be sweet honey nut flavoring. I think there may have been a mistake with the box I ordered because it's like eating blocks of salt. Don't think I'll risk this again. Literally a mountain of salt. My mouth hurt after eating half a pack.
Rating: 5. better than yummy
Rating: 5. great taste & easy to chew
Rating: 5. Bang for the buck. Great for diet and exercise plans.
Rating: 5. The only brand we'll use!
Rating: 5. gonna order more
Rating: 4. OK but don't seem to clean as well as Reach,
Rating: 5. My family loves these and they enjoy having them for a snack
Rating: 1. These were very stale upon opening 2 days after receiving them. Noticed the seal on the packages seemed a little sketchy, like the seam along the sleeve wasn't sealed properly, but the ends seemed to be. It was weird, I felt completely ripped off.
Rating: 5. Yummy, love this stuff.
Rating: 5. My husband loves Oreos, and GASP, I do not. I got these as I figured they would be better to smash up and put into ice cream. Well I actually like these! Win-Win!
Rating: 5. Love this tea for my late afternoon high tea time no caffeine
Rating: 5. Tasty!
Rating: 4. These are great for side dishes for hungry boys and girls. Easy to prepare and can add other ingredients to make your own recipe. I love them.
Rating: 2. I think this is making me feel foggy and in a daze. I've only been taking them a few days but I've felt in a brain fog since then. I will discontinue use for a couple days to see if that resolves the issue.
Rating: 2. I gave a good review on this awhile ago, but after using this since last summer, I now notice my skin is very dry on my legs, and now my arms, and itchy etc. I always use a nice body lotion when I get out of the shower everyday . I would not recommend this anymore.
Rating: 5. Great for dry winter skin.
Rating: 5. The Colgate 360 is one of the best you can get!
Rating: 3. Didn't much care for the flavor of the coffee. We buy fresh roasted French Roast from the local store at about the same price and like it better. But that is a matter of taste, which differ so you may like it.
Rating: 5. Love it.
Rating: 4. I read the other reviews and I don't know what happened with theirs but I really liked these. I ate the whole bag myself. They are organic and sulphur free so they are brown instead of that bright orange color you get with the ones in the store and they don't have any sourness either, which is nice. All in all I would totally buy again.
Rating: 4. Good
Rating: 5. Great buy for the size of the box
Rating: 5. Just as advertised, good products.
Rating: 5. Its a sponge!
Rating: 5. Very good !
Rating: 5. This product probably has the most silicone in it than any other product I've used before, and I'm actually pretty happy about it. It contains the silicone called dimethicone in its formula, which is in probably 50% of all hair care items at the grocery store. I think there is a misconception about silicones- that they are awful for your hair. They aren't awful for your hair if you just add one simple step when using them. I love any products with dimethicone because it coats my hair in this shiny, silky polish and helps keep in the little bit of moisture my damaged hair has by creating a barrier from the outside world. (humidity, sun etc..) In the past, I wouldn't even touch things with silicone because I had a bad experience with this exact conditioner. The problem was, I wasn't taking the necessary step to get the best results and ended up with flaky, silicone buildup coated on my scalp. The secret? Use a dandruff shampoo once a week. You could use a deep cleansing shampoo as well. This is SO IMPORTANT. This will deeply cleanse your scalp of product build up from silicone and prevent hair breakage. Before, I tried using all kinds of daily shampoos but the ingredients in the shampoo just didn't work hard enough to take off the build up. Head & Shoulders was the only product that left my scalp and hair feeling fresh and clean. So, don't steer away from silicones because you've heard horror stories of build up and breakage. I've lived it, I did my research and I now can fully appreciate silicones and what they do to my frizzy, dry hair.
Rating: 4. I have made my own coffee or espresso (Americano) at home for over ten years. My favorite blend is a medium roast Columbian coffee, for ex, Costco's Kirkland brand, but I have also used Seattle's Best, Cravens, Montana Coffee Traders and others. Happy Belly is new to me but sounded like a good morning blend for my taste. I opened the bag and the coffee is medium grind, not a fine grind with bits of beans in the consistency. I LOVED the smell; it's richly warm and sweet, which is very inviting. I normally brew in a stovetop espresso maker, but this time I decided to use a French press. The package recommends using cold filtered water, but French press doesn't allow this. I can say the "brightness" with some acidity really developed with pressing. Some 1/2 and 1/2 rounded that flavor out, but I lost some of the warm tones I could smell in the bean. I want to try again with the stovetop espresso and see what flavors develop. I really think this would be a good candidate for a cold brew to reduce the acidity, slight bitterness I found in the French press. It could really be a very good cup with cold brewing to really appreciate the good overall taste and freshness.
Rating: 5. just right between meals.
Rating: 4. I was looking for a healthier alternative to regular diet soda without having to sacrifice taste . Zevia was a wonderful find with a variety of choices available.
Rating: 5. These are so good. They are really great covered in chocolate and decorated for special occasions.
Rating: 5. awesome!
Rating: 2. it actually took to long to get here and by that time I was actually using another product that is far better.
Rating: 5. Love the homemade taste.
Rating: 5. Terrific. Recommended by the manufacturer
Rating: 5. Perfect snack on the go. And the pricing is a good offer. Thank you.
Rating: 5. Very good scones. Yummy with butter and jam.
Rating: 5. The freezer bags are definitely worth paying a little more for. They are quite a bit thicker than the regular bags. I like the size of these, they're not huge but they're significantly bigger than the sandwich size so you can fit a lot in them. Shipping was fast with Amazon and the product was exactly as described.
Rating: 5. I love the smell and I get good compliments.
Rating: 5. very nice grip! soft Brush and lasts longer
Rating: 3. Kinda works but nothing special. Feels a little tacky if you don't rinse well. Smells nice.
Rating: 3. my only problem with them was they were broken up pretty bad. I think dragged them here behind the truck. I can get the big bags at GFS, Gordons Food Service for just a hair more
Rating: 5. tasty and great packaged well and delivered promply
Rating: 3. I would pass on this one, it is just to salty. The crackers are ok, but not the cheese. Better just to use real cheese.
Rating: 5. I've never seen this much protein in a shake before. These are great, no more mixing. It's the only way I can get my husband to eat breakfast during the week. They're delicious, too. One of the best tasting protein shakes I've had, and I've tried many. I've only done the chocolate but it's very tasty.
Rating: 5. It seems to help with my ED also
Rating: 4. Good but salty
Rating: 5. Works great...just as good as many other creams that are much more expensive. Will buy again and again
Rating: 5. Great addition to smoothies. Highly recommended.
Rating: 2. My children like this flavor, but I found it too strong. I really like cream soda so I tried to find a way to like this. I even halved it with cola to try to make a vanilla coke...no dice. It's just too strong. I also tried halving it with orange to make a dreamcicle...didn't work, either.
Rating: 4. I really loved this stuff..but it is now discontinued.. The only issue I had was with the bottle itself, it did not spray well. But the person trying to sell this one bottle for $49.00!?!?!? It originally sold for under $4... You are just ripping people off. :-P
Rating: 4. Dishes come out clean with no harmful chemicals into the environment.
Rating: 5. Lower priced than Target
Rating: 5. Local stores don't have this flavor. I was curious since I like the peanut butter and chocolate flavors. This cinnamon flavor is my favorite! I like that these are not super sweet and no fake tasting flavors. I quickly ordered more boxes!
Rating: 5. Edit: still great. Used it as a base for oatmeal cookies today, added 2 cups CERTIFIED GF oats, 2.5 sticks butter, 3 teaspoons vanilla, 3 eggs, 3 teaspoons cinnamon, and a small splash of milk. This is a really good cookie mix base. If I want to use it for non chocolate chip I just sift the chocolate chips out. I made white chocolate macadamia tonight using green and blacks organic white chocolate bar.
Rating: 1. GMO's all day.
Rating: 5. reliable product
Rating: 5. This is my favorite coffee, I'm not a big coffee drinker two cups a day but this is the one I always go to. I don't find this bitter like others that my wife drinks.
Rating: 2. My miss kitty is 15 and very picky but she'll eat this yay.
Rating: 5. I bought this for my husband as he likes the scent. It is great in that it is a shampoo and conditioner in one. Trying to get hubby to use a separate conditioner is impossible (somehow conditioners aren't the manly thing to do in his opinion). I like the scent as well. Slightly spicy but not overpowering. This could definitely be used by both sexes.
Rating: 5. I bleed and bruise easily even though I do not have a clinical clotting disorder, I find when I take this along with bromelain my bruises clear up faster (and I seem to get them less easily)
Rating: 5. This glad wrap definitely works! Sometimes name brand stuff you have to pay for to get good quality. I recommend not buying cheap brands of glad wrap. This will keep your food wrap of tight.
Rating: 5. AWESOME
Rating: 5. Great value for the price!
Rating: 5. This flavor of Orbit is one of the more long-lasting flavors.
Rating: 5. Works well with white clothes
Rating: 5. Perfect assortment of bandages for all types of boo-boos. Also the price is low for what you get.
Rating: 5. nothing specific to say about this order. packaging was good, no problems
Rating: 1. We normally love this but the last few deliveries we've had, since they started changing the tops, the majority of them either don't register with our Kerig so we can't even brew them, or the ones that do brew we have to pour through a very fine strainer because there are a ton of grounds in the brewed coffee. We aren't pleased with whatever changes they've made! This is the one brand we LOVED and never had issues with grounds. That has all changed now. Very disappointing. Even worse, we can't find a way to contact Brooklyn Beans to see about getting the last several boxes replaced.
Rating: 5. This is the first time that I have bought anything by Eucerin but it won't be the last.
Rating: 4. Variety is needed as we offer coffee in our beit midrash (library-chapel) for many different drinkers. The Brooklyn Beans varieties have been well-received. The price is comparable to other k-cups. We won't pay a premium for a variety-pack but if it is the same price as others then it is preferred. We did not have any problems with the k-cup containers (packaging).
Rating: 4. something for your survival box..
Rating: 5. Love the smell of this body wash.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. also use this in laundry mix.
Rating: 5. AS described
Rating: 5. These are really gooey and yummy. But they are also a bit addictive! :-)The mint is not overpowering and the balance with the chocolate is just right.
Rating: 5. I've used this light body oil for decades. Splash it on my body after every bath to keep skin moist. Leaves a lovely scent.
Rating: 1. Seriously, don't buy this. They are the very small boxes. I just bought much bigger boxes at an Asian grocery for 50 cents less apiece.
Rating: 3. cleans but too much conditioner and frafrance. hand don't feel clean after use
Rating: 5. This popcorn is delicious. I love the different flavors offered in the variety pack. You won't be disappointed with the Smartfood Popcorn pack.
Rating: 3. Much too oily....not very pleased with product performance.
Rating: 4. Crunchy and tasty. I like these much better than wheat thins. My husband approves and he's all about the plain boring wheat thins. Not sure what the popped name is for, they are just wheat thins in chip form.
Rating: 5. As described
Rating: 5. Amazing amazing soap!!!! Leaves your skin feeling so soft and alive! I can honestly say in just 2 weeks I have noticed my wife's face looks sooo smooth and about 15 years younger!!! No joke....WOW
Rating: 5. tasty
Rating: 5. Works great!! No messy bleach splashes
Rating: 5. Yum! Best creamer on the market.
Rating: 1. very salty
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. Great way to keep using batteries
Rating: 5. Delicious
Rating: 1. Tostadas were completely crushed.
Rating: 5. Stuff works. It's as simple as that
Rating: 5. Great tasting pasta!
Rating: 5. delicious
Rating: 1. I drink a lot of sparkling water/club soda, and this is the worst I've tasted. These Perrier cans have a plastic taste. I ordered several cases, and they all tasted the same. The water was a year within the expiration date printed on the cans. I'm not sure if this is the usual taste of this product or the result of a production issue unique to the cases I received. Either way, Amazon service gets 5 stars. The phone rep was very courteous. She asked me to discard the unused product and issued me a full refund.
Rating: 5. This stuff tastes great! The pieces are definitely flakes and not ground or anything. I use it in my smoothies so that I'm not only having fruit. It also works well in trail mix. Good coconut flavor. You can use it in baking, etc. Lots of uses. Love this coconut!
Rating: 5. yummy
Rating: 5. ALWAYS WORKS
Rating: 5. This was my first time trying the puff corn. It is delicious, and the texture very pleasant. No kernels, just formed corn treats. I am embarrassed to say I ate all of it in one sitting. They are not overly salty. And I didn't end up with as much orange on my fingers as I do from other cheese puffed corn treats.
Rating: 4. It was a magical summer when I first had the pleasure of meeting lemon Oreos last year. Throughout the summer, those lemon Oreos and I were constant companions. We went together on picnics. We hung out during cookouts. We snuck in together to see Guardians of the Galaxy. And it was a fantastic relationship...until Nabisco ended the run and we were parted, like a summer fling that abruptly ends. And now, after months of nostalgia and dreaming and half-hearted dalliances with the Girl Scouts' Savannah Smiles, lemon Oreos are back. Or are they? Like seeing that high school crush after an intervening summer, this Oreo isn't *quite* as I remember. Sure, the looks are the same. The style is there. But there's just something....off. And I freely admit that perhaps my memories of that first summer are perhaps rosier than they actually were, but the taste of these Oreos just seems a little different. I hate to use the term "shoe polish," because that sounds much harsher than it actually is, but that's what's coming to mind. The lemon flavor just seems a little more pungent than what I tasted in that summer of 2014. Don't get me wrong - these are still very good, especially if you don't care for the chocolate cookie of the original Oreo. And it still pairs well with ice cold milk. And you can make a seriously good no-bake cheesecake with them. So there's all of that. But I still can't shake the feeling that something has changed between us. And it vexes me. All that aside, the lemon Oreo is a superior expression of the sandwich cookie. Get some. Savor them. And then get some more. They are that good.
Rating: 5. This product met my expectations. My teeth are much whiter. The strips are easy to put on and take off and they are comfortable to wear. My teeth were slightly sensitive but after skipping a day and then resuming use of the whitening strips I didn't have any more problems with sensitivity. I highly recommend this product.
Rating: 5. Please Tide, don't cave to the stupid teenagers who eat your product. I love the pods. I have never been remotely tempted to put them in my mouth and I can't imaging why any sane person would. They do a fantastic job of cleaning my clothes.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. Great! Delicious. Will buy more often.
Rating: 5. Did the job! Super white teeth in about a week!
Rating: 5. So crunchy and good flavor!
Rating: 5. I bought for my friend , he like that .
Rating: 5. I tried a bag of these from my local Sprouts store (the plain one) and loved it. I bought several bags from Amazon (the variety packs and this). Flavor is good, its healthy but I wish they would offer a bigger size. If you like coconut, get a fresh one (its easier to open than you think) but this is a good second choice.
Rating: 4. My teeth have never been perfectly white, but I decided to try out these whitening strips to improve them. So far they seem to be working, I have had a few comments from people that my teeth are looking better than before (of course, I'm brushing/using mouth wash twice a day in addition to using these strips). As other reviews have said, they do make your teeth a bit sensitive when you apply them. However it has not been severe enough for me to stop using them.
Rating: 5. I really like this toilet paper. It's an extremely durable single ply that is septic safe, which is my most important toilet paper criteria. But this is the first one I'd actually still use if I didn't have a septic system.
Rating: 5. These are my favorite mix-ins. I am thrilled they are sweetened with stevia, because I do not use or consume artificial sweeteners. I typically mix this with more water than the standard 16.9 ounce water bottle. My reusable water bottle is larger and I actually prefer it to be less concentrated.
Rating: 5. Cleans dishes well. And cruelty free!
Rating: 5. Light but crunchy due to the oats being puffed, has quite a bit of sweetness so is the snack I grab when the sweet tooth bites. The box states it is organic plus has no synthetic pesticides or herbicides, no artificial preservatives or additives. Has pumpkin and flax seeds; not a lot of them. Tastes really good. 11.5 oz. fitted into smaller box thus reducing waste stream. What's not to like?
Rating: 5. This is another Seventh Day Adventist food. It is not like any real meat I ever tasted. Sometime I fry it and sometimes I eat it just out of the can. I like it and most people raised on it will learn to like it. If you don't want to eat meat it is a good choice.
Rating: 5. Very tasty and satisfying. They are a bit hard though, so I dunk one in my coffee for breakfast.
Rating: 1. Product was opened upon delivery
Rating: 3. ok priced
Rating: 4. it works the front teeth. The strips aren't wide enough to cover past the canines, so for those of you with wide, toothy smiles: tough.
Rating: 1. Very watery without much flavor.
Rating: 3. We had troubles with the packets not breaking down until you use warm water for the cycle.
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. It does work as well as the picture shows, very easy to press and seal shut. I'm still concerned about there being some sort of chemicals to help it do so, but not concerned enough to look it up so I guess you win this round, GLAD.
Rating: 5. I love this product it keeps the germs down. it is also a good cleaner with craft products as well.
Rating: 5. Great pretzels. Love the flavor!
Rating: 5. Great water, convenient smaller bottle
Rating: 4. It's not the best loose powder I've tried. It doesn't go on quite as smoothly as I'd like, even with primer, but it doesn't look cakey and it's the first foundation I've found that perfectly matches my pale skin!
Rating: 5. Worried they'd be crunched up but, pantry box is the cheapist, easiest way to shop & everything ordered was perfect. Oh, the chips are good too!
Rating: 5. Smells nice (not overpowering), gets my makeup off fairly well, it does not irritate my skin, and the wipes are large. I would definitely buy these again.
Rating: 3. Compared to chef boyardee, these don't really stack up very well. Price was good, so I figured I'd try them. I should have found them in the store and tried one can instead, as now I have a pantry full of raviolios. 4 out of the 12 cans was slightly dented.
Rating: 5. nice
Rating: 4. Of course the dogs like them! Good little treats for them.
Rating: 5. These are the best paper towels I know of. The choose-a-size makes it less wasteful that most paper towels (though I have used these exclusively for years now so almost don't remember). Feels almost like a thin cloth, I've used for lots of different purposes. Subscribe and save makes these rather reasonable as well.
Rating: 4. Nice fresh tasting nuts. There are a LOT of peanuts and almonds though so you have to like those to make this worth while. There are other nuts mixed in but not as many as I had hoped for. I took one star off for the high peanut/almond ratio to other nuts. The nuts are nicely salted without being too salty and they have a nice fresh crunch as long as they don't sit around too long.
Rating: 5. These are delicious. The whole hour is addicted Smooth milk chocolate with a creamy Carmel filling . We will be buying these again soon yum!
Rating: 5. My new favorite mascara! Easy to use and doesn't get all clumpy!
Rating: 5. Cleaned out my dishwasher while making my dishes sparkle! Didn't know I needed a hard water booster but it's been really helpful here in So Cal.
Rating: 4. good wish there was more in the bag
Rating: 5. Great product overall, exactly as in dept/drugstores, but the amozon pantry price is unbeatable!
Rating: 2. This has been open on the counter for a month. My kids favorite cereals are gone in two days. I think it's too sweet. Maybe.
Rating: 5. This is one of my favorite bottled green teas. Although not as strong as the dark green labeled version of this tea, still has plenty of flavor. Would highly recommend if you can get this at a good price.
Rating: 1. My dog did NOT like these & they get hard & crumble to pieces!!! :(
Rating: 5. Best dependable deodorant
Rating: 2. I didn't like the powdery cheese.
Rating: 5. Excellent product
Rating: 2. These are very thin rolls of paper towels. I thought they were larger.
Rating: 5. Wonderful product very happy
Rating: 5. Nice to take to work for an easy salad topping
Rating: 3. Always love this
Rating: 4. Good with some cheese.
Rating: 5. just fine
Rating: 5. ok
Rating: 5. I take this 30 minutes prior to my workout and it gives me that great alert feeling, while not feeling jittery. I have been buying these for a few years now, but I suggest stop taking this after 3 months of daily consumption, either use another product, drink black coffee, or nothing at all, then start taking again within a month.
Rating: 5. Nexcare makes great first aid products
Rating: 3. Some chips were crushed
Rating: 4. This is a good product.... soft and strong.
Rating: 5. HFCS gets a free pass by our bodies. We can ingest huge quantities and nothing says "Stop!" Not so with real sugar. Your body knows when it's had enough, and your craving goes away. So instead of consuming "too much" Pepsi, you consume "the right amount" to satisfy your craving. It's worth the added cost per can/bottle because you will consume less. Save money, and save your health.
Rating: 5. Yummy and so cute!
Rating: 5. good buy
Rating: 5. I had a hard time trying to find this in stores, so I had to order thru amazon. I love this stuff! It makes my hair feel so healthy and so soft! I have color treated hair and I also use hot tools so to find something that makes my hair feel nice is hard! I had to get the whole set too...shampoo, conditioner and mask!
Rating: 3. Dried my skin out
Rating: 2. I ordered this toilet bowl cleaner because we have some mineral deposits from hard water that were not coming off with the more natural cleaner (seventh generation) we typically use. This did not touch the deposits either. I wasn't too surprised since everything I read online said an abrasive cleaner is necessary, but I figured it was worth a shot. As for the regular cleaning, it did it's job, but no better than seventh generation and with a ridiculous amount of chemical fumes. I forgot how strong these cleaning agents can stink.
Rating: 4. Great to add to soups, spreads, and recipes. Stores well in freezer.
Rating: 5. Juicy
Rating: 1. We got it for our pain. Doesn't work as well as Toptician. Didn't stop any pain.
Rating: 5. I spend a lot of time when I am going to purchase something on line. I read all about the product, and read all reviews before ordering. When I buy from sellers on Amazon, I know I can trust them to stand behind any product that I buy. I have an Epsom 3520 workhorse printer. I have had it for a year or two. I remember when I was reading the reviews that some were not very good. They talked about the nozzle clogging up. After too much research for a product that cost less then $100. I bought it anyway. It worked great until it became low on the ink. I ordered the refilled ink cartridges ink for my Epson and went back to printing. Before long, everything I printed was turquoise and yellow. Long story short,this time I spent the time and realized that sometimes it is best to pay double for the real thing. My poor husband has ran nozzle checks for weeks and piddled with just about everything on the printer. It would not color anything correctly. It was him who finally said, buy the real stuff. Thank goodness I listened this time. My new Epson ink has the best copies I have had in months. Maybe better then when I first bought it. I learned that some things are better and worth the expense when you are working on a project that must be finished over night. Thank you Epson.
Rating: 5. I like GP's in any container. These large bags are a reasonably priced and that makes them taste better.
Rating: 5. great deal thank u amazon.
Rating: 4. Enjoyed the flavor but it still has a bit of sugar in it.
Rating: 5. I think it works. No sunburns so it seems to do the job. I didn't taste it yet though. Sorry.
Rating: 3. The scrubby side will start to fray/fall off after a few uses, which is disappointing.
Rating: 4. At the time when I received my package and saw the product I was disappointed and think that I received a different item from what I ordered. But after using it for one week I saw difference. For sure I will order CREST 3D again. Recommended
Rating: 3. Good, but falls apart too soon.
Rating: 4. Could use a little more garlic for my taste, but satisfactory overall. Nice as part of a shrimp marinade.
Rating: 5. Does the trick at a reasonable price.
Rating: 2. I was disappointed, they were weak and not much flavor
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. Surprisingly very good. I was worried there would be no flavor, but not the case. Not too sweet either. Nice and subtle
Rating: 5. One of the only conditioners that works on my long thick hair. Keeps it soft in between my weekly washing.
Rating: 5. Perfect for my cooking needs as well as pbj's
Rating: 5. thank you
Rating: 5. Yummy! My favorite flavor of Bai. It tastes so good I don't even notice Im drinking water.
Rating: 5. Really good hand washer stuff.
Rating: 5. good price and jus as good as tylenol
Rating: 5. I have always loved Shake N Bake. Really good, quick Chicken meal for a dinner choice.
Rating: 5. I love Listerine Whitening and praise it over the other mouthwash brands I've used (Scope and Crest). It is gentle and doesn't taste bad at all. Most people think it's gross when I tell them I only brush my teeth once a day, but I brush my teeth for over two minutes along with flossing and using mouthwash after I've eaten breakfast. The dentist and his assistants were floored when I told them I only brushed once a day, because there was absolutely nothing wrong with my teeth and they are clean. The big difference that takes my teeth from a pale white-yellow to a nice bright white is this mouthwash, 100%.
Rating: 1. I enjoy this product for cooking however had to throw out because I received it in the mail very hot due to summer temperatures. It had big chunks in it.
Rating: 1. Discovered I am allergic to lanolin while using this product thru radiation treatment for breast cancer. . I broke out in a horrible rash on top of my radiation burns.
Rating: 4. Great k-cup coffee! Gevalia has made some EXCELLENT signature coffees, and blends. We highly recommend them to anyone. The price is quite reasonable when you are purchasing them in a Prime Pantry order, or as an Add-On item. Absolutely worth a try in any blend that sounds good to you!
Rating: 5. I have enjoyed Aveeno lotion for many years. I am glad to be able to purchase these product online.
Rating: 3. I enjoy having flexible bandaids! I'm always the klutz that cuts her knuckles and stuff.. I NEED that flexability!!
Rating: 2. Okay
Rating: 5. Excellent especially in small containers
Rating: 1. These are horrible! I never thought I would say that about an OREO, but I guess there really is a first time for everything! I bought two bags initially. I kept one and gave one to my mom. We both disliked them. I couldn't even gag down my bite. I had to spit it out it was that bad! That crme did not taste like any birthday cake or frosting I have ever had. I found them to have a chemical (volatiles present?) smell and taste. Not only was the crme bad, but I couldn't even eat the cookie part, because they had an off-flavor too (probably flavor transfer from being in contact with the crme and in a sealed up package.) I think the folks at Nabisco need to go back and try to reverse engineering that birthday cake flavor again if they really expect this product to succeed long term. It's, too bad really because I love many of the other OREO products.
Rating: 5. I really like this sunscreen. I hate when sunscreens feel super oily but this feels almost like a matte powder. And the smell is nice.
Rating: 5. A of of rice
Rating: 5. Fresh smell, not flowery or sweet just fresh laundry smell, I love it.
Rating: 5. I like these because I can eat a few of these as snacks.
Rating: 5. Perfect for a 2 pound bread machine and makes a great loaf of bread
Rating: 4. The key here is spicy - this has a nice kick, almost a chili like taste that we always appreciate in our spaghetti sauce. Those used to more traditional sugary bottled sauces may be put off by it at first but this is a good tasting sauce. One can see the herbs in it and it has a nice thick texture. You won't confuse it for homemade but it has a nice organic taste to it - very different than the sugary "Ragu" like sauces you find in the supermarket.
Rating: 5. Great product not cheap
Rating: 5. love it will buy more and more
Rating: 5. Everyone in the family loved it. Wish I'd bought a bigger box.
Rating: 4. It's lemon juice. If you're sensitive to sulfites, then you may not want this.
Rating: 5. It's soap.. pretty sure all soap should get a good rating.
Rating: 5. I'm pleased
Rating: 2. This have a STRONG flavor. I like all food to be honest but this was heavy on the cloves or something
Rating: 4. Best for me.
Rating: 3. Dont seem to compare to the store bought ones. I would not purchase again online. Quality isn't as expected. Did the job of a napkin, but didn't meet expectations in thickness
Rating: 5. I've never found a Febreze freshener I didn't like. They make good smells!
Rating: 5. If you use a lot of soy sauce, get this! It's a big bottle and goes a long way.
Rating: 3. Didn't like the taste and didn't really notice it doing anything for me
Rating: 5. very good
Rating: 5. Use this daily - love it!
Rating: 2. Smelled great but the scent disappeared quickly. It was gone within a week.
Rating: 5. This is the best GFCF cereal out there. There are not many. Better than the Gorilla munch. My 8year old loves it.
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 5. can't wait to get more
Rating: 5. I could like almost any Chunky soup, but this one is better than most to me. But I've got to honest here. I'm waiting for a hip replacement right now and I'm having a lot of trouble walking, which means that buying groceries on amazon and having delivered just recently occurred to me. Grocery shopping here is even more treacherous than usual, and by leaving items in my cart I've seen some pretty outrageous things happen to the pricing. So here's what I do. I use the Camelizer, which is a free download and will track prices and give you the 411 on how the price is today. I see that this has been changing from $1.69 to $2.08 recently and the lower price is really a pretty good deal if you like this soup like I do. So if you have several soups in your cart or list to check on when you go to fill a box, you can always pick the best deals on your favorites. This will make it easier to fill your box with savings, paying about the same as the good local prices without burning up gas and time or doing any loading or unloading. If you need it, order some Lawry's seasoned salt and pepper, black or a blend, too. Because for me at least, they just make Chunky soup a little unseasoned because it's for everybody and I'm not everybody. At a buck 69, delivered to my door? Bring it on, I can 5 star Chunky soup.
Rating: 4. pretty good
Rating: 5. I used to drink Italian Roast but found that it upset my stomach--perhaps too bitter for my changing palate and left an aftertaste. However, when I changed to a medium roast, I found it was weaker taste than I craved. This caffe verona is a perfect blend of a dark roast with the mellow nature of a medium ground. Tastes close to a latte.
Rating: 4. Perfect for on-the-go and munchies. They're easy enough for kids to make, although I keep wondering about the powder in the macaroni. Not the healthiest thing, but my super picky kid approves!
Rating: 2. While these are rated medium head I felt the bristles were very stiff and abrasive to the gums
Rating: 5. Works
Rating: 5. excellent coffee!
Rating: 1. it hurts when you use it
Rating: 5. Also Nom!
Rating: 5. Delish!
Rating: 3. does a good job of moisturizing but does not help my exzema
Rating: 5. They are the best that I found, they help me a lot thank you.
Rating: 5. This was one of the first test boosters I have ever taken. I would recommend this to beginners, cant beat the price and it does what it says. It takes a little longer to notice results but with discipline and a workout plan the results will show.
Rating: 5. I started using this years ago when I became sensitive to what I was using at the time...have used it ever since.
Rating: 4. I had our 6 year old chihuahua on a different brand "healthy" brand of food and he was getting gradually sicker month after month until we realized it wasn't something he was getting into it was his food. He got multiple bladder infections AND a kidney stone. He was nauseous all the time and overweight. Ever since I changed his food to this Wellness Core kind he has lost weight, his hair is like soft puppy hair and he's very playful again. No more eating grass and random diarrhea. He doesn't seem to care for the taste of the food honestly... he eats it but it doesn't smell delicious to him. (Typical chihuahua....) He's healthy and thats whats important.
Rating: 5. Our fur baby loves these casserole dishes. I just wish there were more flavors available. There used to be more of them.
Rating: 5. The best!
Rating: 5. Love this stuff. Great for daily cleaning. Nice smell, not overpowering.
Rating: 5. This mustard is the best mustard! Came just as expected without any problems!!!
Rating: 5. Best scent floral and woodsy combined!
Rating: 3. very lumpy!
Rating: 1. My kids love these..so I decided to buy a case. When it arrived, my son couldn't wait to have some. So I popped one open, and he starts chomping away. 15 mins later, I check the label....It's expired! And not just a week or a month old....Over one YEAR! What happened to quality control? I'm glad my kids didn't get sick.
Rating: 4. My 9 month old LOVES these !!
Rating: 5. Purchased this item before and I am completely satisfied
Rating: 5. Do not take a drug test within a week.... there is so many poppy's in the dressing you will register for a Class 4 drug..... Yummy!
Rating: 4. Performs as expected. Smells nice!
Rating: 5. Just follow instructions and that's it! Enjoy a delicious cake! I will buy more!
Rating: 5. Tastes
Rating: 5. It's original
Rating: 5. Very Good!! Will buy again!!!
Rating: 1. THEY WERE ALL BROKEN! wasted money. terrible design and packaging
Rating: 5. I tried different toilet papers in the past and the Charmin are my absolute favorite! I also like the fact that there is a lot more toilet paper per roll which means I don't have to change it as often
Rating: 4. This product was first seen in Walmart. It grabbed the purchaser's attention. Typically, Walmart has not been the place for purchasing an Anti-perspirant / deodorant, however on that particular day, it happened. Now, here is that same product offered by Amazon.com. The pricing is about the same and it is coming w/ other items.
Rating: 5. Taste and mixes well.
Rating: 1. Normally I would say this is awesome but today this REALLY STINKS because the only way I can order it is in a six pack and I did from Prime...and got 1. And my kid started snarfing them so I think I'm hosed on returning it.
Rating: 5. I like the taste a lot!
Rating: 3. Tasty snack
Rating: 4. Bought it for the first time. It really did make my teeth more white. But If you expect: whitens like a professional-level treatment,... not so sure about that. But real value for money.
Rating: 5. I've been using this product for several months but this was the first time I'd purchased it on Amazon. I usually buy it at my local Walmart but I recently moved and my new town doesn't sell this stuff at all! Amazon to the rescue! It was my first time using a Pantry Box too and I'm thrilled with it! The scent of this shampoo and conditioner is heavenly. It has a nostalgic smell to my childhood which I cannot place that keeps me coming back for more. My children are constantly sniffing my hair and the scent lasts a couple days between washing's (My hair is very long, down to my butt, I cannot wash it daily as it takes a whole day to dry!). The formula feels very rich and nourishing. I wish they'd say where they obtain their bee products though... just curious. I hope this never goes away!! I'd be heartbroken!
Rating: 5. LOVE THESE! So tasty with good ingredients. Not very big. Just enough to curb your hunger.
Rating: 5. This stuff works
Rating: 5. Quite tasty.
Rating: 2. Was excited to taste Banana since its my favorite flavor....but yuck, NOT what I expected
Rating: 5. This scent of fabric softener is amazing! It's my favorite!
Rating: 4. Love the way it feels
Rating: 5. Very tasty. Not overly sweet. Comes 2 fig bars to each wrapped package which is just the right amount for an afternoon snack. Slightly 'dryer' texture than a Fig Newton but certainly tastes more natural and healthier.
Rating: 5. I really enjoy Macadamia nuts and these didn't disappoint. I liked that these were dry roasted so they weren't greasy. There was just the right amount of salt. The package arrived in a timely manner and completely intact. Have ordered them 3 times. Would recommend them to anyone who likes Macadamia nuts.
Rating: 5. These are awesome! My husband and I swear by Tiger Balm, so to find them in a patch is awesome! The smell is pretty strong if you've never smelled tiger balm and don't know what to expect; it is very strong. People will smell you (haha), but the pain relief these give is worth it! With the patches, try to place on the area to be treated correctly the first time. If you have to peel them off to try and replace they don't stick as well. Otherwise, awesome awesome pain relief patch!
Rating: 2. Body was thin, the flavor has a slight chemical tasting component reminiscent of cooked onions and the acidity was very high.
Rating: 2. An aquired taste is needed...better off making egg noodles from scratch than spending on these expensive "noodles." Upon opening the package you immediately smell a fishy odor. You rinse and strain which should ideally help, but after cooking it tastes more like rubber. Once again, acquired taste is needed. My boyfriend and I did not enjoy.
Rating: 4. These were actually pretty decent. The fruit snacks from the same company are garbage.
Rating: 5. Love Kleenex products.
Rating: 5. Delicious, I love it
Rating: 5. My mom in Nevada uses this brand. She likes it but we're only able to order 5 boxes at a time. I order another brand but that is not available at this time.
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 5. This is my favorite styling product for straight fine hair. It helps with body and also keeps things from falling flat in the face of high humidity. I wash my hair frequently so it doesn't build up in my hair. Others may have a different experience, but for me this is my go-to daily product.
Rating: 5. Good strong tea and works very well in my Keurig. I use it twice for a second cup when I want one and it turns out well
Rating: 1. Horrible. I couldn't even finish one. Terribly, awfully sweet. I was hoping "light" meant "light on the sugar," but alas, it just means they sweeten the crap out of these things with artificial sweeteners.
Rating: 5. It's chili garlic... Need a say more?
Rating: 5. Item as described
Rating: 5. Very good
Rating: 5. What can you say, about pistachios? They are, Wonderful. My sister-in-law, inhaled the whole package.
Rating: 2. Not as good as I thought it would be. Very watered down flavor.
Rating: 5. i keep this on hand and subscribe - i feel that the ecchinacea helps ! I like it for colds, sore throats, upper resp infection, etc. I give away boxes to friends/family!
Rating: 5. Barilla Pasta is the only kind that I buy for my family. We make a lot of dishes that pair up with pasta. I find that this is one of the best in how it cooks up. Also love that I can now get it through the Amazon pantry.
Rating: 5. Baking Soda. Works as you expect.
Rating: 5. Good stuff
Rating: 1. Arrived opened, old, stale, nasty.
Rating: 5. This is amazing! Does a really great job with no rubbing/scrubbing, just gentle wiping. I've tried it with both cotton pads and with my facial cleansing cloths - both work really well!
Rating: 5. Yummy. Keeps me full and satisfied. Love the flavor. Cant find at my local grocery store
Rating: 5. I have a 4 year old that has very sensitive skin. When she gets itchy I out her in the tub and mix this in and it always makes her feel better.
Rating: 1. The box I got was stale
Rating: 5. With a septic tank I'm not supposed to use dry soap. Since I have allergies I like free and clear products. This brand helps with both problems.
Rating: 5. This is a great base soup. I love putting salt-free crushed tomato in it, then put some parmesean cheese on top. Then sometimes I slice red peppers and put it in the soup. Or add a packet of Equal to make it a little sweeter and some left over vegetables. It's really perfect if you are on a budget since it sells most places for 3.00. You just to have bulk it up and it's a great dinner.
Rating: 5. Great buy!
Rating: 3. So hard and stale.
Rating: 5. They are what they are and work good
Rating: 5. Very good! Perfect portion of banana, and chocolate. They are soft. A nice snack when you are trying to watch your diet.
Rating: 3. Dissolves nicely, strong rise, appropriate packaging, lots of shelf life left. I bought the same 2 lb package at Costco for less than half the price $4.49
Rating: 5. Sticks perfect. Whitens if you've never had whitening before. Only takes 30 min a day for 10-15 days you'll see a difference.
Rating: 5. Went from the oft recommended ghiradelli powder (sp?) to this after reading other reviews and comparing price points. No competition with the local store brands that are near me in Maryland. This cocoa is amazing. Pro-tip: Buy regular chocolate milk from the grocery store. Pour 8 oz into a blender. Add 1-1.5 TBS of this to the blender. Blend on high for 30 seconds. Serve to friends as "Homemade" chocolate milk. Watch them be amazed. Total time: 2 minutes Impression made: Priceless. DONT SPREAD THE WORD, i like my secret.
Rating: 5. Love this eye cream!
Rating: 5. My wife uses this product on a regular basis she really likes it
Rating: 4. didn't care for the smell.
Rating: 5. Great price and product!
Rating: 1. I should have paid closer attention to the size of this product. outrageously expensive for what you get
Rating: 5. Works great.
Rating: 5. These are wonderful! There are plenty in the bag as well. Very happy with purchase, 10/10 would recommend
Rating: 5. I love the way this makes my face feel when I use it. Has a pleasant smell and I like how it foams.
Rating: 3. My husband and I enjoy having cheese and cracker plates. We try to mix up the types used. These honestly fell short in the taste department, but to be fair I didn't realize they were "reduced fat" when buying. Taking that into account, they aren't terrible.
Rating: 5. It tastes great
Rating: 5. Fast ship and love this chocolate
Rating: 5. Tastes great and healthy.
Rating: 4. natural smell and taste!! I will buy it again!
Rating: 5. Great coffee!
Rating: 5. I really love these taco shells. They're delicious, and they make preparing tacos so easy with their stand n' stuff design. They can be hard to find in grocery stores, so I order from Amazon Pantry now. Definitely the way to go.
Rating: 5. good stuff
Rating: 5. My husband and I love this stuff!! So happy I can buy it when it is not even Christmas time. It makes the best cup of spiced tea ever!!
Rating: 5. great flavor but way too thin to actually be a syrup
Rating: 5. A nice quick shine without the usual 'sticky build-up' of similar products. Enough product to last quite some time...my foam started to go before the 'shining liquid'. A great quick shine for all colors and shoes too.
Rating: 5. Great taste, love McCormick products
Rating: 5. mmm fresh! especially good for bedwetter clothes lol
Rating: 5. I love these they last a long time and don't leak unless kids are trying to shake the liquid out.
Rating: 2. Small rolls... not really what i was expecting..... also amazon is ridiculous shipping this giant box, in another box.... wouldnt reorder.
Rating: 3. So my parents were visiting and happened to give my 18 month old some corn pops. I have never seen a kid eat things so fast so I decided to google an "organic" type of corn pop. Now don't get me wrong, I LOVE the peanut butter and the peanut butter and chocolate cereals from EnviroKidz so I thought the Gorilla Munch should be good. I still have 3 boxes left in the pantry. My kids don't want it- it was kind of bland, I wasn't impressed with the "flavor". I will continue to buy EnviroKidz but just not this type.
Rating: 5. Best detergent on the market!
Rating: 5. Got the item in one day and of course the taste is by far the best tasting protein powder I have had yet. I use ice, Almond milk and a banana.
Rating: 2. The product tastes terrible. To much cheese flavor. Rather eat cheese and plain crackers.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. This is the best flavor - just a hint of berry, very refreshing and the best for when you don't drink pop or other sugary drinks.
Rating: 5. These are tasty and addictive probiotic gummies!
Rating: 5. Dozens of canisters later I'mm still drinking it every day.
Rating: 5. I love Gladware containers. They are great for meal preps for breakfast and lunch. These allow me to keep my food fresh and stylish at all times. I will purchase again. I just wish they came in pink or purple.
Rating: 5. A must for your Keurig coffee pot. Use once every 3 months and it will extend the life of your machine. Easy to use and does not take a lot of time.
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 5. Great gift in the mail!
Rating: 5. Always a winner. I use Bragg for so many purposes it is amazing. If I eat a spicy chili or spaghetti sauce I can prevent any heartburn or indigestion later by drinking a small amount in some orange juice before I go to bed. I never buy OTC antacids or indigestion tablets. Keep it in the fridge and pour over fresh cooked greens to add flavor and taste. Spash it into hot tea with lemon and cayenne pepper if I feel a cold or sore throat coming. Braggs is the best.
Rating: 5. Have been using Opti-Free products for over 20 years now and is the only brand i have no allergic reaction to. That being said this product does contain Aldox as a preservative which some people may have allergic reactions to. Thimerosal is used as a preservative by other companies and can also cause allergic reactions such as 'burning' or 'stinging' of the eyes. Thimerosal is a mercury-containing organic compound (an organomercurial) and was at one time used in flu shots as a preservative but do to allergic reactions has been weened out of most vaccinations. Check the label provided by the manufacturer to see which preservative is being used as this can greatly reduce the chances of allergic reactions.
Rating: 5. My relaxed hair LOVES this oil - Works well for hot oil treatments too!
Rating: 5. I like the brush more than I thought I would. The color stays on all day and isn't as flaky as most mascaras
Rating: 5. I have only been buying pampers cruisers since they are the only ones that don't soil so easily. Highly recommended for a highly active baby/toddler :)
Rating: 4. One of my favorite teas. Love that it comes in the convenient k cup now
Rating: 5. Simple good product.
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 5. Great tasty chewy bars. Love them! will buy again and try different flavors
Rating: 2. My little Chihuahua really has to be in the mood to eat these. She used to love them, but now she'll either take a few bites or snub her nose and walk away. I don't think I'll be purchasing these again.
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 5. I love these Hash Browns, even if slightly salty. I just wish someone could invent Microwave Hash Browns that tasted as good as this.
Rating: 5. This is the only contact solution we have used for the past 5 years. It definitely extends the life of our contacts! Once we tried this week never looked back.
Rating: 1. A total waste of money. Didn't improve at all. How could it the product doesn't breakdown in acid water for days! Find other methods including medical that WORK!
Rating: 4. Rico
Rating: 2. Don't really taste so great.
Rating: 5. This strong, black tea is my favorite!
Rating: 5. Works great and the dogs love it.
Rating: 1. The cheese is too runny now. I think it's because they removed the spreader stick and now the cracker is supposed to be dipped. I would not purchase again unless Ritz changes the product back to it's original formula.
Rating: 4. Not quire the original formulation which I'm old enough to remember, but they got the scent down perfect & you can close your eyes and remember the disco era. Also it's arrived twice now without leakage. I'd recommend.
Rating: 5. Whanted to try new flavors. I like the Earl Grey best.
Rating: 5. My fav brand
Rating: 2. Not worth the money,you can buy The same ones at Walmart
Rating: 5. These are wonderfully addictive and guilt free because it is a clean source of protein!
Rating: 5. They are so good will have to order them again
Rating: 5. Significantly cheaper than Target and other stores. Great customer service too. I accidentally ordered the wrong product and they were able to resolve my issue in a timely matter.
Rating: 4. Magic Erasers get my bathroom clean like woah.
Rating: 5. really enjoy a good cup of this before bed. Taste is good and seems to be a good price on Amazon
Rating: 5. If you like a coconut smell you will love this foot cream. Note: It has a vaseline like texture and is not a creamy lotion texture. I don't mind this as it feels like it penetrates more deeply. Nothing better than getting a foot rub with this creme!
Rating: 5. I think the real thing
Rating: 5. who doesn't love them
Rating: 5. Excellent short grain brown rice. Nutty flavor, high in fiber. Don't know why anyone would buy white rice if this is available.
Rating: 5. I love the variety and the cost is super. I'm a repeat buyer.
Rating: 5. Very flavorful. Moderately spicy for me, which is the way I like it. Veggies are indeed mashed into small bits as the name suggests.
Rating: 5. Why do we love the smell of Old Spice? Is it because grandpa used to wear it? I don't know. Whoever designed the scent was a true genius because it smells like soap in a certain way so is a clean, subtle smell. And it is definitely long-lasting. Highly recommended for teens. Ditch your Axe and go old school.
Rating: 5. muy buen producto
Rating: 5. ~No problem with Lea & Perrins Worcestershire. Great product. Always has been~
Rating: 3. This stuff is alright. I'm not wowed by it, but I guess it makes my hair look pretty good.
Rating: 5. Scrubs and cleans good enough for me.
Rating: 5. Very soothing to use.
Rating: 3. Doesn't taste at all!!!
Rating: 5. For the price, I find this coffee terrific!
Rating: 5. I was able to vacuum my whole house a few times with this one box.
Rating: 5. I think it reduces cavities
Rating: 5. Great item for college care package
Rating: 2. didn't attached to our crib the right way.
Rating: 3. I love smoked gouda, and I love triscuits. When I saw this, I HAD to try it. Now that I've had it....well, I'll be getting other flavors of triscuit and putting sliced smoked gouda & other toppings on them like before. They aren't BAD, but saying they're okay (3 stars) is as high a recommendation as I can give. I didn't personally like them. The flavor was off; a bit too smokey, funky, and chemically synthetic to be pleasing to my palette. It's almost as though the makers of Triscuit were so afraid customers wouldn't taste smoked gouda in a cracker that they went overboard--slamming you with a heavy dose of smoke and a weirdly tangy vaguely cheesy flavor that I guess was supposed to be gouda, but comes across more like powdered Cheese Whiz. The other flavors are far better.
Rating: 4. Works great, kind of pricey for what it is though.
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 5. Easy to use. Pre-measured.
Rating: 2. Smashed
Rating: 5. Love these, they get the job done.
Rating: 5. Shipped fast and as described
Rating: 4. It doesn't seem to taste the same as it did when I was a kit, but it's still pretty good. It's really easy to make.
Rating: 4. I purchased this in a group of many other things as a gift for a friend who needed some pantry items to feed a family of 5. I am happy to report that these arrived in good shape and according to my friend, tasty!
Rating: 3. I love Terra Blue chips. I was happy to find that they're offered through Amazon, however these are not the quality as those served on Jet Blue. The ones I was delivered through Amazon are a very dark purple, almost black. They also have a definite burnt after taste to them. I was going to put these in the kid's stockings for Christmas morning treats, but since my kids have flown JB with me, they know what these are supposed to taste and look like. These were a disappointment, although I did put them out for a party and they were eventually eaten (teenage boys will eat anything ;) I have to wonder if the only reason we can find these on amazon is because they're the factory rejects they won't send onto JB. I *may* consider ordering a second batch with finger crossed that my first experience was just a fluke... if I do I'll be sure to update here.
Rating: 3. The price was right with subscribe and save. At first, this seemed to be working well, but after a few days, my son's poop started to smell quite bad and the color was off. I recognize that every baby will respond differently to each type of formula. We chose to switch back to Similac because it worked better for our baby. But if you're baby isn't responding well to something, this is worth a try. It is still better than Enfamil. we were in the process of switching bottles as well, so I can't say if this formula had anything to do with spitting up more. Pretty sure it was more the bottle and less the formula.
Rating: 5. Good deal for great quality water
Rating: 5. These are great as a quick lunch when time is short. I add an apple or other fruit and am satisfied until the end of my work day.
Rating: 5. I love olives and wanted some to take for lunch. These worked out great and are delicious. Office mates are now ordering..
Rating: 5. Excellent value??!!
Rating: 5. I was looking for something that was flouride free and wasn't sure how well it would clean or taste. This toothpaste works just fine and has a pleasant taste.
Rating: 3. Don't get much for the price
Rating: 4. Nice
Rating: 4. This breakfast cereal is very satisfying and very tasty. I have it every morning and it starts the day well for me! I do wish it had better quality control because sometimes there are an excessive amount of raisins and other times very few. It is pricey for the small number of servings in abox, but it's worth it to me.
Rating: 5. This came in a larger bag that I had expected. I love the sweet & spicy flavors. I keep it in my desk drawer at work and snack on it. It's been lasting me a long time. It's definitely a bargain, and I will be back to buy more soon.
Rating: 5. Loe the SPF level in this one for spring and summer, especially...
Rating: 4. Better than other brands, but I can find cheaper.
Rating: 5. I purchased one bag through Prime Pantry at a reasonable price of under $3.00. Like apparently most of the human race that has tried the original product strawberry is my favorite. Yellow & orange are tied for second, with cherry last, since (to me) it tastes like ChapStick. I've tried the Halloween blend and appreciated some of the flavors there, so I thought I'd give the FaveREDs a go. All candies were fresh enough to have that nice juicy chew to them. Strawberry, of course, were amazing. (Yes, were amazing. Yum). Cherry still tastes like ChapStick, but I'll chalk that up to my tastebuds. Fruit Punch had a strong, appealing flavor, but it still placed third in the mix due to the surprisingly tasty Watermelon piece. Overall, the bag seems a good blend of all pieces.
Rating: 5. Helped to reduce the pain
Rating: 5. Best protein shake Ive tasted. Not chalky at all. Nice mocha chocolate taste. I leave in fridge, then pop in freezer for 15 minutes before drinking.
Rating: 5. Really does stay stick. Good price
Rating: 5. This isn't Hungary Jack or Aunt Jemima. The consistency is far more liquid but it tastes amazing. Use on pancakes, oatmeal, in quick breads or as a coffee sweetner
Rating: 5. I use these with tea tree oil for face/neck/shoulders and they're a great alternative to cotton balls or the smaller, round cotton pads. They're strong and a great size, don't "shed" or leave any cotton residue on skin. I hope they keep making them because I will likely return to buy more!
Rating: 2. Dry. Not a good taste
Rating: 5. Yes this did clear up the rash I had on my legs.. I will warn anyone the smell is bad. Let's be honest here. It stinks, however, I use it when I am at home alone and on my days off. Its up to you to deicide.. You can either have your skin clear up and all that itching stop of keep on itching and not use a product that does not smell good... Trust me.. I'll smell bad... the product is worth it.
Rating: 5. Good Pasta
Rating: 1. I'll preface that I am by no means a coffee snob. I have a burr grinder and a middle of the road coffee maker. This coffee, in my opinion, is unpalatable.
Rating: 3. Good
Rating: 2. Not seeing the toning highlights of it as it's advertised. Don't think it's all that conditioning either
Rating: 5. Excellent
Rating: 5. Can get two cups per one kcup!
Rating: 5. Long-standing users of Tide -- concentrated versions much appreciated. It would be great to have even larger bottles available in quantity to have plenty on hand. Thank you very much!
Rating: 4. speedy service, great product but not sweet enough to eat right out of the box
Rating: 1. Liquid too thin. No suds at all.
Rating: 5. Best product ever. I have very dry, sensitive skin. I live in the desert and nothing works as well as Welleda. It fills in my fine lines and lasts almost all day. I usually reapply a little by late day.
Rating: 4. Although this works well as a skin softener, the cap design allows for the product to run down the side of the bottle. There is little to no almond fragrance, but it is great for dry elbows and cuticles. I place the bottle on a folded tissue to keep the oils from the bathroom counter.
Rating: 5. Works very well!
Rating: 3. The flavor was fine, but for what little of this there was and its cost, I wouldn't buy this again.
Rating: 5. by far the best rice based pasta i've found! i order it in bulk, here on Amazon, and keep the extra bags in my pantry. i've even given bags of it as gifts to friends of mine who are gluten free! :-)
Rating: 5. I tried these as an alternative to Clorox wipes for the counter tops and high chair. I like the smell. My kids like the smell. They smell like thyme. If you don't like thyme, these are probably not for you. I have been very happy with them and don't have any complaints.
Rating: 5. Love the texture, great absorbancy, perfect size. Can't go wrong with these.
Rating: 5. Betrter than some other brands...
Rating: 5. What? The best for individual units. My Delivery by my UPSFEDEX guys can't be beat, '93 CVA recipient.
Rating: 5. Aaaawsome Candy!!!!!! Thanks
Rating: 5. A drink I need with out sweetner. It is great.
Rating: 5. my favorite brown rice.
Rating: 5. This is the best plastic wrap around.
Rating: 4. This cereal sounds like a good idea but very few pumpkin seeds in it. It's not very grainola-eey it's more of a puffed rice with some flaked oats with a few seeds.
Rating: 3. Nice little snack on the go. But most are crushed upon delivery.
Rating: 4. I like that it's organic, so I can avoid the GMO's and other nasty stuff. It tastes just fine, too.
Rating: 5. Good price. They're tissues, they're Kleenex, what more could you want?
Rating: 4. Great little case to put by toilet for moments in needs. Wipe is not thin which means no residue will leak thru! yay! my only problem is that it has a little scent, which I would prefer if it didn't? Only because my son has sensitive skin, and i always use things that are more on the neutral side. But so far so good, no irritation! I'd buy it again for sure.
Rating: 5. These are a guilty pleasure. I've always loved raviolios, they've got an entirely different flavor than other canned ravioli. They're far sweeter than other brands and have a staggering 1838 mg of sodium per can or 76% DV. (Spaghettios with meatballs is about 995 mg per can, 37%DV, for reference). Not something you should eat everyday, but they are very tasty.
Rating: 2. Does not do much for gathering dust !
Rating: 5. great price on this cereal
Rating: 4. Ok
Rating: 4. I used a box of the original Pro strips. They were fine, but really challenging to apply and keep in place. These correct that issue completely. In fact, these can be a tiny bit challenging to remove. The downside is there's a lot less product in the new box.
Rating: 4. Handy for travel. Note - the Desitin is a single use foil-like packet, not a tube.
Rating: 2. Made my hair really dry and unmanageable.
Rating: 5. As advertised!
Rating: 4. OK for packaged food,convenient.
Rating: 5. yummy, quick, healthy snack
Rating: 4. Good stuff
Rating: 1. Awful taste.
Rating: 4. This drink is really good. After reading the reviews I bought a case and was pleasantly surprised. There is a "woody" aftertaste that caught me by surprise, but it goes away fast and is not necessarily unpleasant, just different. Now I don't really notice it. This has me calling local shops to see if I can get more. The reason why is that the real stuff is made in Japan, while this is made in Taiwan. It sounds like there is not much difference, but I would love to go find the original and try it. Until then I will keep this on my subscription because it is really good. If I could confirm that the Taiwan flavor is the same as the Japan I would give it 5 stars.
Rating: 5. I love fruit snacks and I love bunnies. Perfect match.
Rating: 5. Addictively good mix, will buy again. OK price for the amount. Struggling with wishing it came with bigger volume but also know I don't have the self control
Rating: 5. sty
Rating: 4. I love keeping these canned Saucettes on hand, you can make quick healthy snacks or add them to just about any main dish, they're ok to snack on with crackers and cheese, too. I'm happy to keep these available in my cupboard because they are so versatile!
Rating: 4. Strong, Minty Toothpaste and Has No Bad Stuff!! I've been Using this for Years and Really Like the Minty Flavor.
Rating: 5. Just like when I was a kid - love them. Big box, too
Rating: 5. They really don't sell golden raisins in large boxes and this is truly the best price I've found anywhere! This is a must purchase if your recipe calls for golden raisins!
Rating: 5. This is truly the best! My lips stay so soft and hydrated. This is perfectly designed with it's lipstick applicator and it stays nice and neat in my handbag. There is no residue or heavy feeling after use. It honestly feels refreshing! I've found the best lip treatment and I'll always make sure I have some. Thank goodness it's priced affordably and easy to grab here on Amazon.
Rating: 3. It is a LOT of baking soda. Like way more than I anticipated.
Rating: 5. Love this coffee don't know what I would do without it...
Rating: 1. one can badly damaged
Rating: 5. Great stuff...use mainly for the laundry, cleaning greasy dishes and brushing teeth. Very expensive on Amazon, the price is better elsewhere.
Rating: 5. Love the small, single serving size. Larger sizes are a better bargain (esp. for more than 1), but this is better for my needs!
Rating: 4. great for relief...
Rating: 1. This toothpaste has some bad ingredients including Carrageenan. I am very disappointed in this company for using these ingredients. Please do research before you buy this product!
Rating: 5. I have been looking for a truly natural oyster sauce for a while; most of the conventional ones are chock full of preservatives and mystery chemical -sounding ingredients so I just omitted it when the recipe called for it. Now I have this and I do find it adds an extra complexity to my Chinese stir fried dishes.
Rating: 5. Such a great product and it smells nice.
Rating: 2. Not my favorite. Sauce was very flat.
Rating: 5. I will be ordering this again. Excellent variety of coffees.
Rating: 3. they were okay, kind of left a weird layer in my mouth...I like their regular jerky better
Rating: 5. works well
Rating: 5. Yum! and healthy!
Rating: 5. Good for a snack
Rating: 2. I like sparking water but I don't taste any flavor in these. It's like drinking straight seltzer water which I don't like.
Rating: 2. Another one that has fallen , it's just one bottle :(
Rating: 5. I am addicted to Bai Molokai Coconut, but prefer to buy it at the supermarket because it is much less expensive than on Amazon. 3/$5.00, as opposed to almost $2.00 per bottle on Amazon.
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 4. Great smell, wonderful fabric softener. Works perfectly with the sheets of the same scent
Rating: 5. So yummy ! I love stacy's pita chips but they are hard to find in NYC
Rating: 5. My dogs love this product and it makes a good treat.
Rating: 4. Strawberry creme and banana creme taste like strawberry and banana milk, respectively. The Frosty Chocolate wasn't as tasty, but it will still do the job. My only problem is that I can't get my husband to stop drinking this. He will drink 3-5 shakes a day instead of eating regular meals. Had to cut him off cold turkey.
Rating: 4. Some products were as other mentioned, a little cardboard-y, but, overall, pretty darn good! Nice flavor/texture variety, ok health wise.
Rating: 5. Feels great and cleans my face well
Rating: 5. Wonderful fragrance. Use the downy ball.
Rating: 1. Very, very sweet, with a poor texture that tastes like puffed, sugary, air. With so many other great choices for gluten free cereals on the market now, I can't imagine why anyone would buy this stuff for their kids.
Rating: 5. Great product and great price. Beware - there is no color here. It is just a clear product that will tame you wilder eyebrows and put them in their proper place. Then you apply your powder - which now sticks better than ever - or your pencil.
Rating: 4. This has 3 grams of fiber and 3 grams of protein per pack. Only 180 calories per pack and I love the taste! However, I am rating this a 4, because, the sugar is 12 grams per 3 flats in each pack, which is a little high for me.
Rating: 4. good product
Rating: 5. All Barilla products are great.
Rating: 5. I have struggled to choke down generic, artificially sweetened, orange flavored fiber supplement for two years. It tasted awful and was gritty. I assumed there would be no little to no difference to the Metamucil brand. I was so wrong! Meta actually tastes good and is silky smooth. This one has real sugar. This really tastes reminiscent of real orange juice.
Rating: 5. Great price for the size of the box. Beats all retailers around my area and it's my favorite cereal. Just enough sweet and crunch without feeling like your eating granola.
Rating: 4. The towel count is much higher at Cosco , amazon rolls seem to half of the bounty count at Cosco
Rating: 4. This is OK in a pinch - It's quick and easy though I don't really like it as a pizza sauce all that much. It just doesn't taste as fresh as I like my sauce to taste, though I rarely really make fresh sauce. BUT, it's very good with mozzarella sticks for a quick snack, or as a dipping sauce for a stromboli or pizza roll. I've used it for pizza- one bottle makes 3-4 large pizzas. I just prefer it as a dipping sauce. I usually just take a can of tomatoes with Italian herbs and put it in the blender, and add a bit of salt for a quick, or use&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Contadina-Roma-Style-Crushed-Tomatoes-with-Italian-Herbs-28-oz-Pack-of-6/dp/B00FQR78AM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Contadina Roma Style Crushed Tomatoes with Italian Herbs 28 oz (Pack of 6)</a>&nbsp;for a easy pizza sauce that's a bit less expensive too. The family loves it. This is very thick, and red, and my husband often confuses it for ketchup, though you can see the herbs in it, and it's a bit darker than ketchup. I like Cantadina, but I prefer their canned products generally to this one. It's ok though.
Rating: 5. Perfect serving size to put in purse for a movie
Rating: 5. my dog loves these!!!
Rating: 3. Med roast is too strong
Rating: 5. Great tea,easy to prepare. I do one cup of coffee in the morn then change to this very health choice for my next cups.
Rating: 5. Just as good as the lemon product, if you love grapefruit this will suit you!
Rating: 5. I order this by the case since a number of stores don't often carry it. My husband swears it makes his morning!! I'll buy a truck load for sure!!!! Enjoy!!
Rating: 5. my husband enjoys this tea and I have it on subscription services so he doesn't run out.
Rating: 5. My 3 year old really loves the designs on these. So far the "cool & learn" feature hasn't been beneficial.
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 4. Like the Sensodyne product line. Product arrived in great condition!
Rating: 3. Not my cup of tea.
Rating: 5. The chocolate is thicker than a normal Twix to help keep the shape. Tastes great although slightly different than you're used to.
Rating: 3. Not exactly what I expected but drinkable. Its not very strong. I added milk and that improved the taste considerably. Probably won't buy again.
Rating: 5. I used to use flonase and the nasty fake flower smell was awful and it never really helped.. I can actually smell things and breathe with nasacort within minutes... The price here on amazon was way better then in store too!
Rating: 5. Mmmmmmm, habit forming delicious snack. Crispy, sugary, cinnamon goodness!
Rating: 5. Always liked Colombian coffee and was ecstatic, years ago, when Folgers brought out 100% Colombian. I've bought it ever since and never looked back. Thanks Folgers!
Rating: 4. I believe (or hope) it works
Rating: 5. Love these oranges since they are packed in light syrup. This means less calories and less sugar. Another excellent Dole product.
Rating: 5. Great variety!
Rating: 3. It's pretty good, it's caffeine-free. I find Yogi Raspberry Passion Tea much better even though it has caffeine.
Rating: 3. When I purchased this, I was expecting greatness because I normally love the texture of this kind of toilet paper. It did do it's job but it didn't last very long and I expected it to last longer than other types of toilet paper. It is two ply.
Rating: 5. Very tasty soup with good quality ingredients. Makes a very satisfying lunch on its own with maybe some crackers or fruit.
Rating: 5. I thought they would be sweeter tasting, but these have more of a savory flavor.
Rating: 5. Mustard is mustard in my book but if the price is right I'll buy name brand, as it was here in Prime Pantry.
Rating: 4. I like this product. I would like it better if you could use it without the music playing. Also, the song is "You Are My Sunshine," which if you listen to the words is really depressing. I would have chosen another product for a different song had the song it played been listed. The pause button not only pauses the music but it also pauses the motion of the mobile. That wasn't what I expected based on the description. For the price, however, I'm keeping the mobile and I can live with the song choice. I also chose this because I had my own things that I wanted to hang from a mobile so this was great for me. I like that I can change them whenever I want.
Rating: 5. Works perfectly
Rating: 5. Never enought! I use this so much
Rating: 5. product is as described and shipped promptly
Rating: 5. The wife wanted to hire someone to clean the outside windows, it would have come to $100 plus to have them cleaned. I had bought this product a while back but used it. So I got it out and started cleaning. I cleaned over 10 windows plus a sliding glass door with 1 pad. I was amazed how clean this product got the windows, just clean and rinse and you are done.
Rating: 3. These are not an even nut blend. Almonds with a hand full of cashews and a pinch of pecans. Better off buying them separate.
Rating: 5. The Best
Rating: 4. Favorite of my grandson
Rating: 4. Tastes great!
Rating: 5. May favorite coffee.
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. Love the taste of these, plus I really like that it only has half the calories of regular Coke. I also like that it uses Stevia as the other half of sweetener, it is so much healthier for you than aspartame. I started to buy these for my teenage son - that way I don't have to feel quite so bad about him drinking soda. I recently went to northern Europe, and it was almost impossible to find diet Coke anywhere, they only sold regular and the Coke Life - they must know that the diet is bad for you. Highly recommend if you care about what you drink - and they taste great!!
Rating: 5. This product is all natural without the nasty chemicals and it is super moisturizing to the face. It goes on easy with the great little dispenser and really works well.
Rating: 5. As a glutard its hard to find good tasting treats but this popcorn is wonderful!
Rating: 3. It's a whole lotta friggen poptarts.
Rating: 5. Quality product and super flavor
Rating: 5. fit perfectly! I just love them.
Rating: 5. Tired of yucky roaches in your house?Then combat source Kill Max roach Killing Gel is what you need. This killing gel did the job in no time. I'm buy another one now.
Rating: 5. Works great! Works as advertised and I plan to buy more. Easy to digest. Excellent product. Very affordable. I have lost 32 pounds.
Rating: 1. these are nasty. like eating rubber.
Rating: 4. not too sweet
Rating: 5. Ever since discovering these three-ply tissues, I have not used any other brand. I have allergies year-round and these tissues are better at handling sneezes than the so-called regular tissues. No scent and low lint too.
Rating: 3. These nuts are ok, definitely not the beast. If you want the best go to North Shore Macadamia Farm.
Rating: 5. Smooth dark chocolate with a touch of heat. Wonderful!
Rating: 5. Ha! A double big bottle to stock up. And I didn't have to search for 'the big one'. Saved me running out!
Rating: 5. Love this TP! It's like soft paper towels!
Rating: 5. Upset tummy is not a problem anymore. Eat these plain and the pain goes away. We like them with Adams Reserve cheese squares. Box is a good size to take anywhere. Plain taste so as not to take away from anything added.
Rating: 5. Nice color even for brunettes - Comparable to dept store brands without the outrageous price.
Rating: 1. Sorry, just didn't care much for them.
Rating: 4. This peanut butter was good, but I still prefer Jiff's Natural peanut butter.
Rating: 3. Doesn't stand up to huggies little movers.. not satified.. only reason I tried these is because they were out of my normal diaper choice
Rating: 5. Have to have for a great price.
Rating: 3. we don't like the taste of the seasoning but the rest of it is ok. We use our own seasoning.
Rating: 5. Best hot sauce at the best price on Amazon.
Rating: 5. So good. Wish they weren't this good. This little can doesnt' last more than a day. Sigh.
Rating: 5. Great stuff sticks to anything. Fruit, dishes it's just wonderful. Can be reused if you don't mess up.
Rating: 1. 2 of the batteries stopped working. DO NOT GET THESE!!!
Rating: 5. I use this product for cooking and I also at times use it for my hands.
Rating: 5. These are great!!!
Rating: 5. great soup
Rating: 5. Thanks
Rating: 3. Smells really good but like all the other Johnson's baby products it's too drying. I use coco butter creme with it when I use it.
Rating: 1. Dog likes Pork, didn't know it was beef.
Rating: 4. Exceeded expectations.
Rating: 4. ok
Rating: 1. I didn't use this right away and when I did it smells old. I didn't realize that there was a time frame to send it back. It really smelled awful.
Rating: 5. Thick, strong, and light on the lash! I loved this product.
Rating: 4. Good tasting, convenient. Not sure if there is an advantage over tea bags though.
Rating: 5. I will have to buy more of this , it was great ! thank you
Rating: 4. ok
Rating: 5. This is delicious with unsweetened and unflavored almond milk.
Rating: 5. Good soup
Rating: 5. I wanted a variety pack to try different flavors and this one has a lot of samples. I would also recommend this if someone wants different flavors and not just one particular flavor. There is only one flavor I wasn't particularly fond of and I had to add a little sugar to it because it seemed on the bitter side for my taste. (I don't use sugar or cream in my coffee) Other than that, there is a good range of flavors. No issue with the coffee itself, just my own preference regarding that one flavor. The price for this seems to be a little cheaper than what some companies charge. I will buy from this company again because this made a good cup of coffee that I felt wasn't too strong nor too weak. With the exception of the one flavor, each cup seemed to be exactly as I like when it comes to strength. There was either 2 or 3 of each flavor I have listed. (Except the Express-O, it had only 1) Breakfast Blend French Roast Hazelnut Boardwalk Blend Breakfast Blend Decaffeinated Brooklyn Bridge Blend Cinnamon Subway Colombian Coney Island Caramel Corner Donut Shop Cyclone Express-O Fuhgeddaboutit Maple Sleigh Oh Fudge Vanilla Skyline I couldn't find where this company sells K-Cups with Hot Chocolate instead of coffee. Would order it from them if they did.
Rating: 5. Great product. Thx
Rating: 1. Nasty wouldn't buy again
Rating: 5. Product leaves hair soft and significantly reduces frizzy, fly away hair.
Rating: 2. no no no, no no no no. Wow this stuff does NOT work for me!! Firstly, if any powder drops anywhere (which we all know happens when using powder...), let's just say... well, it looks like you dropped a bunch of white powder everywhere. Take that as you will. Imagine not blending it all in and having some around your nose or something at work... WHO WANTS TO GET FIRED TODAY? jk. but srsly. Secondly, every time I have applied it, it literally highlights any imperfection on my face. I have this product to thank for showing me imperfections I was previously unaware of, so thanks for the confidence boost NOT I'm actually confused after getting this product as to what exactly it is supposed to do. It certainly didn't do anything I was hoping for, and I did read the description... #fail
Rating: 5. Uniballs are still the best
Rating: 3. I think these get shorter each year by about a quarter of an inch. Won't buy them again.
Rating: 5. hard to stop eating these - nummy!!!!
Rating: 5. I love this product and have used it for many years. I used to buy the Nivea Creme in the blue container which works well, but it felt greasy so I only used it at night. Prior to this, I've used Shiseido and Clinique products on my face since I have sensitive skin. They work well, but are quite expensive. My aunt came back from Germany in the 90's and gave me a few jars of the Nivea Soft and I've used it ever since. Back then I could not find them in the States, so whenever she goes to Europe, that's all I asked for. In the winter, my dry skin gets so bad that sometimes it would crack. The Soft creme is very light with a hint of refreshing fragrance which I like a lot. When applied on the skin, it's absorbed quickly without that greasy feel that you get with the original Creme. I hope Nivea continues to make this product available always.
Rating: 1. Did not work as advertised. Waste of money.
Rating: 5. these work well and don't irritate my eyes
Rating: 5. washes well
Rating: 3. I didn't care for the taste but the kids like them
Rating: 5. My absolute go to when alternative medicine fails to break a fever over time. I can almost 100% guarantee that Ibuprofen will work. I've only used Advil brand and will never shy from it. I'm all stocked up for this cold and winter season.
Rating: 4. they taste good
Rating: 4. just as advertised, fast shipping
Rating: 5. My July order for two bags came packed in a big box with dry ice! Nice!
Rating: 5. Love adding this to my Prime Pantry order.
Rating: 5. I've been buying this product for a long time. Love the taste.
Rating: 2. Don't like this product because it has no flavor.
Rating: 5. Delicious snack
Rating: 5. What can I say redbull has me by the wings!
Rating: 5. Great buy on these cleaning cloths. I can put one in different rooms for use when needed to clean and disinfect.
Rating: 5. Package was damaged but k cups were safe!
Rating: 5. If came tightly packed in a fresh wrapping. If it is Red Star it should work like Red Star. Time will tell... and I'll certainly tell if it does not ))). If the rising power is the same as it is in individual packets, the saving is tremendous..
Rating: 1. I received this order and in a box with one plastic pillow in it. The product had leaked out of the bottle the box was soggy. When I returned with label, USP made us repack it and charged me for new box shipping supplies plus shipping. I want to be reimbursed for cost of return shipping of a mess to my house! 0 STARS, they make you choose one star! Do not trust this source!
Rating: 5. We have stopped buying juice during the week because it became too expensive to keep juice in the house with four kids and a live in dad. So we opted to buy these for folks who need flavor in their drinks during the week and only buy juice on the weekend. It has worked out favorably. I am a water purist, I find these flavors to always taste fake. But the kids love them, my husband loves them and I know they're not just drinking sugar laden fluids all week so I keep buying them.
Rating: 2. The product is broken
Rating: 3. Good price for large, sturdy cups
Rating: 5. Very good
Rating: 2. Did not taste the chocolate at all.
Rating: 5. Been using this for years. Has a nice minty taste and does the job well according to my dentist.
Rating: 5. Great product!
Rating: 3. These are very durable but they leave a lot of lint behind when cleaning the counters.
Rating: 5. Good quality, fresh macadamia nuts. Yummy. Yes, they are pricey but worth it for an occassional treat. Only problem is, the bag isn't large enough! Once you start eating them, you just can't stop. I now have them on subscribe & save and will continue to buy these nuts unless the price begins to skyrocket.
Rating: 5. I just like the flavor of this coffee!! It is mild and not bitter or too strong! I also seem to digest it better.
Rating: 4. Great razors. I can get 3 shaves before blade changes.
Rating: 5. I liked the convenience to order this online. This makes for a great snack to take to work.
Rating: 5. Love the smell
Rating: 3. Just ok.
Rating: 5. This definitely made my teeth several shades lighter. My teeth are not white, but they're absolutely lighter. They went from a yellow-tone to an almost-white yellow. I'm hoping in the next dose (which according to the box is once every 6 months) I'll be able to get to white. I didn't experience any problems with the product - no issues with gum bleeding or anything, and my gums are very sensitive. Definitely worth it.
Rating: 5. So very good everyone in my family loved them!
Rating: 1. Maybe it's just me, but EVERY time I tried to use this on my nose, it wouldn't take ANYTHING off. It was a waste.
Rating: 5. i love it that it is not only a deodorant, but also an antiperspirant. i have heard that you shouldn't be wearing the regular kind of antiperspirants because the ingredients have been thought to be linked to breast cancer. i am not taking any chances.
Rating: 3. needs more peppermint flavor, I taste more peppermint using my body wash
Rating: 4. works as described.
Rating: 5. good buy in the pantry box
Rating: 5. UPDATE (March 2016) - I'm now at 1-1/2 years since ordering my first jar of Nature's Way Coconut Oil and my rating is an enthusiastic five stars. I now reach for my jar of coconut oil whenever sauting. I love the taste and smell and would use it for that alone even without all of the other health benefits it provides. Plus, after reading about the benefits to animals I started adding coconut oil to my dog's diet and it has done wonders for his skin allergies. Seriously, it was like flipping a switch from the day I started feeding him a small amount of coconut oil. His skin hot spots and areas that were prone to fungal infections (Shar-Pei) all but disappeared after introducing this to his diet. I'm very pleased with this purchase and my personal discovery of coconut oil. UPDATE (March 2015) - It has been six months now since I made my first purchase of coconut oil here on Amazon and wrote the review below. Earlier this month it was reported that scientists in Sri Lanka have discovered that cooking rice with a teaspoon of coconut oil then refrigerating it for 12 hours more than halves the number of calories absorbed by the body. I thought this really interesting and warranted updating my review. According to the article, "It works because the coconut oil enters the starch granules during cooking, essentially changing their architecture so that they are no longer affected by digestive enzymes. SO fewer calories are absorbed into the body. " If you're interested in reading the article search, "Simple rice-cooking hack could reduce calories by 60 percent ". The change remains even if it is reheated. The article I read appeared in The Telegraph (UK newspaper). ORIGINAL REVIEW (September 2014) - This is my first time to purchase and use coconut oil so I can't speak to grades of coconut oil and/or how this brand stacks up to others, but I can tell you that I'm really enjoying this product. My first experiment with using this oil was for cooking eggs in the skillet. It gave the eggs a nice flavor (I think eggs already have a nice flavor, but you know what I mean). I'm only looking to use this oil in the kitchen and there it has found a welcome home. I'm looking forward to trying coconut oil in a number of recipes and only wish I had discovered it sooner.
Rating: 5. When I look at protein powders - I look for ones that easily mix, have low calories, and flavor tastes good and not chalk-y. This delivers on all of those marks. Mixed with a banana, peanut butter, and ice in a blender - it's basically a dessert in a post-workout drink. Will definitely buy this again - probably in a bigger size.
Rating: 2. These tasted stale and blah. Don't know why but was just lackluster. Fed the other 9 bags to the garbage can.
Rating: 4. Sensitive dogs means limited ingredients. This is a good food to throw in the mix.
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 4. I found these drops very soothing
Rating: 5. Yummy
Rating: 5. Love to add these to everything savory.
Rating: 5. DON'T KNOW HOW I CAN LIVE WITHOUT THIS NOW! After just using this for two weeks I feel like I can see and feel a difference. It's not heavy....I have thin hair and that is always a problem...this item actually does what it claims. Smells great, feels great. It's a game changer. Will obviously continue to purchase...and such a great price!
Rating: 5. These are my favorite soft cheese crackers
Rating: 5. a taste of Hawaii. a great taste!
Rating: 4. My clothes come out clean and vibrant. Gets out all of the accumulated dirt and grime.
Rating: 5. These disappeared as soon as I put them in the kitchen pantry. None of the kids admit to eating them. The investigation is still pending...
Rating: 5. Taste great - perfect to put in lunches. Helpful if watching calories with portion control as well as sodium content less than most.
Rating: 5. My hubby's favorite
Rating: 2. Quick and Easy Review. Kinda of a super sweet Mt. Dew. Taste ok, not great.
Rating: 5. best unsweetened tea
Rating: 5. Smells good and makes hair feel great
Rating: 5. delicious!
Rating: 1. I was very disappointed with the Cento canned tomatoes I purchased recently. I bought 2 packages of 12 cans each and every can was dented. I realized that the reason they must be able to sell Cento much cheaper than in the stores, is that these cans are the ones they cannot sell due to damage. I had to throw 2 of the cans away as the were leaking. I guess there is truth in "you get what you pay for". I will not purchase this again through Amazon.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Cento-Imported-Italian-Tomatoes-35-Ounce-Cans-Pack-of-12/dp/B002C4C67C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Cento Imported Italian Tomatoes, 35-Ounce Cans (Pack of 12)</a>
Rating: 5. Great healthy snack
Rating: 5. Awesome chocolate! The darker ... the more bitter, remember that. This percentage is ideal for wanting their chocolate a bit sweet. Also delivers the great benefits of eating dark chocolate in "moderation". Try it. Lindt tastes wonderful!
Rating: 5. I like this toilet paper, it is inexpensive, and it does the job. I have kids that are learning to use this product now, and believe me there is a lot of excess that is wasted in the bowl, so if you don'e want a clogged toilet, or you just have a sensitive toilet this is the paper for you. Dissolves quickly and flushes easy.
Rating: 5. These are our go-to snacks. Our dogs love them.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. Great buy
Rating: 5. Drink a teaspoon a day and keep the dr. away!
Rating: 5. Works well and smells great! Not much more you could ask for.
Rating: 5. Had never had this brand before bought because it was a great value, I was pleased to discover what a great cup of coffee it made.
Rating: 5. I love these, but go figure, the toddler does NOT. Haha..... Well, they make for a handy snack when I'm on the go and don't want to eat chips or candy.
Rating: 5. We love motrin for all things teething!!!
Rating: 5. They helped a lot.
Rating: 3. Okay, but doesn't seem to stay on very well.
Rating: 5. It does what its suppose to do.
Rating: 5. This stuff is amazing. Basically a life hack.
Rating: 5. Yummy! This is a delicious oatmeal that is easy to make at home, but more importantly, made on the run or for breakfast at your desk or at work with only some water. The favor was lovely and the amount of apple and walnuts was perfect.
Rating: 5. Great durable sponges. I love that it comes in packs of three because you never know when you need to change them. These sponges don't fall apart easily or leave behind crumbles. They also can go in the dishwasher to clean them getting rid of any yucky smells. Lovely.
Rating: 5. works great
Rating: 4. These are intended for individual glasses of water rather than something like a water bottle.
Rating: 4. Don't let your meat loaf, get this stuff! It's the only way to make delicious Meatloaf.
Rating: 3. Wish I had seen whether there was a size chart available as this fits small. I have to return it now.
Rating: 5. I love this product! I try to use a small amount everyday after my shower - helps keep it soft even when I use a 2 in 1 shampoo. I tried 10 - 15 different products, this is by far my favorite.
Rating: 5. Great price. Within 4-5 days you will see a significant difference.
Rating: 1. Yuk! Don't mix and bake the quick way. The loaf does look good though
Rating: 5. I feel I can trust Tide to do its cleaning job in the HE machine without having to use a lot of detergent.
Rating: 5. Taste great with peanut butter.
Rating: 5. I have been using this product for about 3 years now. I normally hate the smell of cleaners, but this one is awesome. The cucumber smell is super crisp and smells very authentic. The cleaning solution works great. I even use it on tough "burnt crusties" on the stove top. I just spray this on and let it sit for a minute before wiping down. A little of this stuff goes a long way too. Love it!
Rating: 5. It's Nutella. What else do you need to know?!?
Rating: 5. Can't get this in any store in our town. This is the coolest pasta around. Love it,and as long as you have it?I'll keep buying it.
Rating: 5. If you call it Glacier Freeze instead of light blue you are a cop.
Rating: 5. My dogs do not always like the crunchy treats, but they do like these!
Rating: 5. I love this hand soap! I also tried the Rhubarb, which is probably my favorite, but the Lemon Verbena is really great too. It isn't nearly as strongly scented as the Rhubarb, but it's strong enough that I can still smell it on my hands after washing. This hand soap lathers extremely well and it doesn't dry out my hands. Very pleased with every Mrs. Meyer's product I have tried so far.
Rating: 5. The best hand cream of all!
Rating: 5. Best ever and I can't find them at my local stores... love love love!!
Rating: 5. One of the better nuts that Planters offers. Cashews have good taste and texture. Great for snaking and for recipes.
Rating: 5. Can't beat the original.
Rating: 5. Great quality, great price!
Rating: 5. Love these wipes! Way to freshen up a baby after they spit up!
Rating: 5. Delicious
Rating: 5. I love this brand of pasta!
Rating: 5. Good
Rating: 5. Love these they are great
Rating: 5. A good product as usual.
Rating: 5. These are probably the best figs I have eaten. They come in a large bag and they were each delicious & addicting. Highly recommend.
Rating: 5. I really like this brand of soups! This one is thick and stays with you. It is higher in calories than most of the other soups, but it very hearty. I usually add Tejin and chili paste for a spicy kick.
Rating: 5. Taste very good
Rating: 5. Love it ordering more
Rating: 5. Yummy and so good for you. Highly recommend this health gem!
Rating: 5. Good taste and crunch.
Rating: 5. that salty goodness
Rating: 5. I really like this product. It has a pleasant smell and cleans well. I also like that it doesn't have all the chemicals like other cleaning products but still gets the job done!
Rating: 5. Great taste and strong tea, just like i like it ! I was very surprise with the refreshing flavor :)
Rating: 3. they are dry as heck
Rating: 5. Love these things.
Rating: 5. I love this floss! It really feels so clean after using it and slides in between teeth easily. It feels good to know that I'm keeping my oral health above standard by flossing daily.
Rating: 5. Amazon rocks! We go through quite a bit of Walnuts (well, between the people & parrots who live in my zoo, I mean home) - Amazon's price with auto-ship is fair and saves me a trip to the Market. Nuts arrived fresh and quickly. Thanks Amazon for making life just a little easier!!
Rating: 1. Ill never order this product again...I thought Cottonelle was known for soft tissue but this stuff is abrasive and skimpy when using..the roll is skimpy and Kimberly-Clark touts it as a big roll ...doesn't last me more than a couple of days-and I live alone! It's garbage!
Rating: 4. We purchased this to get a variety of coffees to try. The price was good, too. The only disappointment was that we only got a vew of certain ones that we found that we liked most of all. But we know which ones we really like and which are okay. It is a good variety because one of us likes stronger coffee than the other; there are pods of both. We would purchase it again.
Rating: 5. it's dish soap. it rocks.
Rating: 5. This is great if you have eczema.
Rating: 5. I use traumeel nightly on muscle areas which can be problematic for me. I use it more as a prophylactic treatment. I have used it when I have mild muscle soreness with success. Shipping was fast.
Rating: 5. I use this with a nasal wash bottle. Product is pre measured so I don't have to concoct the saline product. Very mild on sinus.
Rating: 1. very difficult to work with. The printing part is great but the iron on part doesn't always come out consistantly and it doesn't hold up to laundering well, even just turned inside out and not put in the dryer.
Rating: 5. Nothing is as good as the natural flavor of solid and mature natural almonds and walnuts - no over-roasting, no excess oil, no salt.
Rating: 5. This lotion makes my skin so smooth! OMG. My fiance wakes up at 5 every morning while I need my full 8 hours. When he wants me to wake up and have coffee with him, he'll rub my back and arms and hips. Since I've started using this lotion all over my body and not just on my feet, he has been raving about how my skin feels like silk. I love it. It's pricey for lotion, but worth it.
Rating: 4. Good product!
Rating: 3. I've used better glass products. Gets the job done but seems to leave streaks behind if the glass dries too quickly.
Rating: 5. well, it's nutella which is always awesome so....
Rating: 4. My favorite. Great for travelling.
Rating: 3. "It's okay" and gets 3 stars because the "Best By" date is just 9 days out. I expected it would at least be a month or so, and purchased it as a gag/stocking stuffer gift for a friends who "always" got these as a kid! Do I give her something with an expired date? Or do I rough it and have me and my family eat them up now, before they go out of date, and are possibly dry and not so good? (Joking about the "roughing it ... you got that, right?) But still, I would not have ordered these 6 packs (2 treats in each pack) and just grabbed one single pack at the store for her. And oh yes, the Hostess box isn't in the greatest shape, sort of dented and bulging out, so I wouldn't use it to wrap anyways. What to do, what to do ...
Rating: 5. Finished the whole bag in one sitting.
Rating: 5. ok
Rating: 5. It's coffee! I like to grind my own beans and there are only so many available. Gevalia is good and made some nice coffee.
Rating: 5. A great product used and loved by my wife and daughter.
Rating: 4. I use these for a late night snack when nothing is open. It's not something I would offer a dinner guest, but for kids or a late night snack, it'll work.
Rating: 5. Love these Sun Maid Raisins and you can't beat the price. We eat them every morning in our Irish Steel Cut Oat Meal and they take the place of adding sugar.
Rating: 4. Not good for cleaning windshield
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 5. Awesome!
Rating: 2. Their house blend is good, but this is very bitter.
Rating: 2. They definitely changed something with the manufacturing of these paper towels. They are much flimsier and rougher compared to rolls I have gotten in the past.
Rating: 5. Delicious cookies! Great for that chocolate craving!
Rating: 5. we love this stuff...we usually drink a can after a workout and sometimes even in between workouts.
Rating: 5. Big big box full
Rating: 5. Absolutely delicious. Ethical. Sustainable. I'm also pretty sure these are vegan and gluten free but don't quote me on that. 10 out of 10 would buy it again as long as it stays under $3.
Rating: 3. This was okay. I honestly was not a fan of the artificial sweetener. It was really overpowering in it. I like the grape flavor but the sweetener killed it for me. If they came out with another option, maybe stevia I'd try it again. As of right now it has ducts lose in it & I notice I am def not a fan of supra lose sweetener in anything. I received Nestle Splash free for sampling purposes, but all opinions are my own.
Rating: 4. Great deal! Love the scent and the price. Wish it came in sulfate free too, then I'd love it more! This lasts a long time because the bottle is huge and I only wash my hair every few days or so. Share it with my husband because it's a basic shampoo and has a nice unisex scent.
Rating: 4. Decent tea, takes a little bit to get acoustomed to the interesting taste. Overall not sure about the value proposition but as long as they don't miss up thei herbs the wrong way I'm fine with it.
Rating: 4. The only downside to this powder is if you don't like the taste of artificial sweetener. It's not overbearing, but I'm not a huge fan of that aftertaste. I've found if I add something else to it, it cuts it to a pretty unnoticeable level. Sometimes it's a tablespoon of peanut butter, or a few strawberries, or even some Halo top ice cream. If you don't mind that aftertaste, the initial taste is actually really good and you might be fine with just water. And if you're not low carb, add whatever you want cuz I think the flavor is totally fine and not chalky at all!
Rating: 5. Love this scent. My favorite brand.
Rating: 5. Thank you
Rating: 5. Exactly as advertised. Good price.
Rating: 5. This is the only formula that worked for my daughter, who has acid reflux. Highly recommend!
Rating: 5. Finally, coconut without added sugars or syrup! A healthy option for those doing the paleo diet. Love it & will reorder
Rating: 5. Exactly as expected.
Rating: 1. Worst dishwasher detergent ever. It arrived in a huge brick that we had to beat against the counter to break apart (which might have something to do with the issues we experienced, though it sounds like other reviewers had similar problems). We rinse/wipe off our dishes before loading them and *still* about 1/4 of the glasses per load had bits of detergent in them, in addition to tiny bits of food. Silverware/knifes had to be wiped completely clean if we wanted them to come out okay (at which point, why not just hand-wash?) Worse, many glasses with no noticeable residue still released this awful wet-dog smell when they got wet:x Finish as a brand may be fine--their gel pacs are great--but when it comes to powder detergents, Cascade and Target's generic brand are both far superior.
Rating: 5. Natural ingridients that work
Rating: 5. hard to get out of bottle with my old hands.
Rating: 5. best tea ever!
Rating: 5. Rich, dark chocolate flavor, puts Hershey's to shame
Rating: 4. Works well when medications give you a dry mouth.
Rating: 5. Seriously... how can you NOT love nutella. My only problem is eating it right from the jar with a spoon.
Rating: 4. it works
Rating: 4. Fun, crunchy snack. I don't love the aftertaste of the green ones.
Rating: 5. Love that it dissolves easily in water. Since breastfeeding didn't work out for me and my son, I feel comfort being able to give him a quality formula.
Rating: 5. Favorite fish oil
Rating: 5. These taste great and great price!
Rating: 5. I don't know how anyone could give these a 1 star review. These are da bomb and literally make my mouth smile. I mean I know mouths smile but...you get the point. These are delicious and you need to go out an d get these now
Rating: 5. Convenient Takes makeup off. When not wearing makeup cleans face well. No blemishes..
Rating: 2. While it does have exfoliation and the cool mint feeling, the product does not lather very well at all.
Rating: 5. great for single person,
Rating: 5. Ok
Rating: 1. Did not like he flavor and it had a metallic taste.
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. I ordered this because a friend of mine just got done with chemo & radiation and she's been using this supplement and her hair, skin & nails look fabulous! She went from bald to a cute short hairstyle in only 3 months! So since I have thinning hair I thought I'd give it a try. Glad I did because this one ladies is a keeper! Definitely using this on a daily basis and seeing dramatic results!
Rating: 5. I love these crackers, they are good and fresh.
Rating: 4. For the price of this set you will be very satisfied. It is perfect for travel and the colors will coordinate with many skin tones. I am very pleased and I have sensitive skin and I haven't had any irritation.
Rating: 5. very nice mix of flavors. well worth the price. will stock up on these for the summer.
Rating: 3. These are very bland and break apart quite easily. My toddler prefers basically any other cracker. :P
Rating: 2. Days like Cloth but they feel weird. Roll sticks together. Not very strong for cleaning. Wont order again
Rating: 1. Terrible flavor is too sweet that My body can't even effort it in my mouth
Rating: 5. I purchased 4 of these - they were a great price and they are so very useful! I always have two in the freezer ready to use at all times and two on the counter ready to be heated! Kathy Ann, Jeff's Mom
Rating: 4. I like this shampoo and it is reasonably priced
Rating: 5. Great product. Arrived in a timely fashion.
Rating: 4. awesome
Rating: 5. This has been a great value for me. I keep a small amount in my fridge and the rest I store in my freezer. It has worked perfectly.
Rating: 5. Able to clean all my windows that was difficult to reach easily. Streak free & fast.
Rating: 4. Very good very tasty super fast fixing excellent price.
Rating: 1. What can I say? These beans are undercooked. When we opened a can to add to gazpacho a few nights ago, the beans were markedly underdone: tough & hard to the teeth, unpleasant & tasteless & difficult to chew. Hugely different from the Progresso Cannellini canned beans I could buy at my local Publix supermarket. Is Progresso sending their sloppy seconds to Amazon? If so, that should be disclosed on the product page. Tonight, I added two cans from the same disappointing order to a slow-cooking-on-the-cooktop Beans-and-Rice dish: The long cooking time (over 2 hours) softened the beans. But why should I have to do that? I Should Not. If I wanted to fuss with tough/hard to the teeth/tasteless beans I could start with dried beans, for humongously less money. Soooo.....If you want large cans of semi-cooked cannellini beans, that require a long simmering time & lots of intervention whatever your recipe, this is a great option for you. Otherwise, use dried beans.
Rating: 5. Love this brand for the resealable containers, which is pretty vital for storing freeze-dried fruit.
Rating: 5. I've always found the wilderness pie fillings to be very satisfactory. I usually keep several kinds in the pantry for quick desserts,everything from pies to cheesecake topping.
Rating: 5. What can I say, they do their job!
Rating: 5. Absolutely delicious, filling and hearty. Love it! It's great for a quick, healthy meal on a busy day.
Rating: 3. This is not a bad product. I found it acceptable because I like a lot of mayonnaise but if you do not this may not be a good selection for you.
Rating: 4. These skittles taste great but they're not as good tasting as they were back in the '80s. I'm not sure if they changed the ingredients or what. They're still tasty though! It's important to note that this is a large bag but the bag is not super full of Skittles.
Rating: 5. Oh yum, these are so good. Just right for a snack.
Rating: 5. I enjoy the taste. Nice and refreshing.
Rating: 5. yummy
Rating: 5. In my bag, there were 12 eggs, each having 2 pieces of candy in them. The eggs are sturdy, I'll use them again next year. However, they could have put a couple more pieces in the eggs; they did have plenty of room. The kids did love the candy so it worked out just fine.
Rating: 4. Didn't have time to shop around and found the same thing for 1/4th the price. Ouch. Oh well. Good service and fast shipping. Thank you.
Rating: 5. Thanks!
Rating: 4. Great
Rating: 5. This flour is the best for making breads in my bread machine. Good texture. I like it better than gold medal flour.
Rating: 5. every thing I expected
Rating: 5. Very happy with the price and the tea. Works great with the Kuerig. Will purchase more in the near future.
Rating: 5. I've been buying variety pack k cups for years, so I know a little bit about several kinds. Having said that, this coffee was exceptional! I will buy it again, great choice in flavors PLUS YUMmy!! coffee-
Rating: 5. great assortment
Rating: 5. Your butt will thank you.
Rating: 4. good item
Rating: 5. Very good product!
Rating: 5. I absolutely love this mix. I use it as a creamer for my coffee in the morning and it's such a treat! It's delicious and makes my boring coffee taste like dessert.
Rating: 5. These are a must have in the winter and/or spring when allergies or colds are running rampant. I put them in my car, my purse, my children's backpacks, etc.
Rating: 2. This purchase was my first experience with quinoa. I followed the package instructions at first, but ended up altering the amount of liquid as the cooking end time approached. The texture was kind of rubbery with a bit of a stale "crunch", if that makes any sense. According to my taste buds, that the best way I can describe it. And speaking of taste buds, if you like FLAVOR in your grain, rice, pasta or wheat products, you'd fare well to bypass this particular "flavor" choice. The rosemary and olive oil flavor is extremely lacking, so it's best to add some sort of bouillon or soup base to the water to create a broth with flavor. While I am willing to give quinoa another try, I will not be purchasing this particular brand or flavor.
Rating: 4. Mix these with Chex Cheddar snack mix. Uncurably addicted now...
Rating: 5. Best laundry detergent. Gets stains out and don't need to pre soak this laundry detergent is good and would buy it again.
Rating: 5. So easy and enjoyable. Even our young teen daughter was able to bake them.
Rating: 5. Great price and received fast
Rating: 5. Is what it is
Rating: 5. Delicious
Rating: 4. works very well, only if the handle can be more flexible, that would be better.
Rating: 5. I love this product. It helps the pain withou any smell or greasy film.
Rating: 5. Best protein out there! Dissolves completely and tastes great even with water.
Rating: 5. Tastier than I anticipated! Tastes a bit salty, but what chip isn't. A bit thin, though, sometimes they break if you dip in chunky salsa.
Rating: 5. I juts love this cereal, I wish it had less sugar but still great.
Rating: 5. Insanely good but the heat builds the more you eat so do not get them if you can't handle the heat.
Rating: 5. love
Rating: 5. my daughter in law reports this is excellent added on top of frozen chicken and rice.
Rating: 5. love this product
Rating: 5. These are perfect, soft and yummy!
Rating: 5. This is my favorite mouth wash, it really seems to take care of my teeth and mouth health. I am surprised at the taste comments as taste is not at all high on my how does it clean and protect my teeth rating nor do i find it significantly noticeable.
Rating: 5. yummy in my tummy
Rating: 5. very good
Rating: 5. Love these!!! I'd heard friends talk about them and while browsing Amazon Pantry, I decided to get a pack. Then on our next order, I got two packs!
Rating: 4. Good product
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 3. Family size only meant a full box, not a large box. :-(
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. good
Rating: 5. I have used Arm and Hammer Products for years and when I noticed that OXY Clean has been added,
Rating: 5. Great tasting bars, only downside is that I wish they would last me longer since I cannot help eating a couple at a time.
Rating: 4. Eh... They work, wish My teeth where whiter but that could be me personally. Just don't fall asleep in them or your gums will hate you for next day!
Rating: 3. not nearly as good as real thing from store
Rating: 5. This stuff mixed with my dogs Wellness Simple makes them feel like it's a treat. I don't have to add canned food anymore!
Rating: 1. This is a dark roasted coffee. Only and biggest problem is that is has absolutely no coffee scent. If you are just going for the intensity, it will work. But you almost don't feel like you are drinking coffee because it has zero coffee aroma
Rating: 5. best stuff
Rating: 2. Lemon zest is good..this notsomuch. I took a few bites and threw it away. I offered my mother one and she asked why I would play such a mean trick on her. I rest my case.
Rating: 5. Excellent flavor
Rating: 4. Good, but could have less salt and fewer peanuts
Rating: 5. The best scent I've ever tried. It doesn't leak a perfume smell when sweating and just turns more into a musk scent, but mild.
Rating: 5. Filling my grocery box with treats I know I like
Rating: 5. I don't write reviews very often, but I love this so much, I had to write one. I love coke and Pepsi both, but I'm trying to get away from sugar. This is a great alternative if you like carbonated beverages. I'd love to see this in a syrup form for the soda stream, and I'd love to see the price drop.
Rating: 5. My favorite cereal. I was pleased with the larger box. I will definitely be ordering this again.
Rating: 5. Nice and mild, helps with breath unlike the fruity flavors
Rating: 5. Love the smell
Rating: 4. These are a bit on the sweet side but there is a great amount of carbonation and where else can you get Pomelo flavored anything? Good deal on Amazon too although sometimes my local Costco has better prices.
Rating: 4. There good.
Rating: 3. Pros: Tastes great and good texture. Cons: Expensive and 3/4 of the bag is empty.
Rating: 1. This is a box of very red chemicals. Ick, ick, ick. Did not like.
Rating: 5. as a massage therapist, I love this for self care treatment and won't use anything else (well arnica and biofreeze are my other choices), I wish it wasn't so expensive or i would use on my clients too!
Rating: 5. As expected.
Rating: 5. Snickers. So yummy.
Rating: 5. Exactly what I was looking for.
Rating: 5. These are really good
Rating: 5. Great product!!
Rating: 5. Works great for daughters eczema. Soothes the itch.
Rating: 5. Great.
Rating: 5. If you have bridges this is the best floss to use.
Rating: 5. I have been using this product for about a year now it works well on cuticles, it also is all natural so I do not have to worry about my animals licking me.
Rating: 2. works ok..takes a long time to dry.
Rating: 5. This stuff is great for temporarily relieving eye dryness. If you're like me, you'll need to use it several times a day and before going to sleep. It's excellent, though not the most convenient, nor cheap. I no longer use, though, as I have found a better way. I take Food Science of Vermont Omega Supreme Softgels.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Food-Science-of-Vermont-Omega-Supreme-Softgels-90-Count/dp/B0014KYJX4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Food Science of Vermont Omega Supreme Softgels, 90 Count</a>&nbsp;It took me about 1/2 a bottle to notice results, but one day I noticed--'hey, my eyes aren't dry!!' If I had not found the Omega Supreme's, these eye drops would be the next best option.
Rating: 5. Does very well in my keto baking and for coating fish for frying.
Rating: 5. Love it
Rating: 5. The kiddo absolutely loves these...they dissolve easiely but not too quickly and they taste great! Doggies love them too! ;)
Rating: 5. Great Product - Jason Spates Truck Lenders USA 877-233-1475
Rating: 5. great tea
Rating: 5. this is a good side to chicken.
Rating: 5. my kids love it
Rating: 5. Works well on minor aches and pain when applied directly to area. Has to be re-applied to continue relief. Would recommend.
Rating: 5. Good product.
Rating: 5. This is the only thing that helped quell my nauseousness. Didn't help that these were so yummy that everyone kept eating them!
Rating: 4. We use this in my office at work and it is an amazing thing! Keeps the office smelling fresh all day long.
Rating: 5. Reasonable priced
Rating: 5. Great value and comes with a $1.00 off coupon
Rating: 5. Too good
Rating: 5. My doctor had me go on Ensure as a nutritional supplement. I'm also lactose intolerant and I'm so happy to be able to drink something that tastes just like a chocolate milkshake and be able to digest it.
Rating: 5. These keep my eyes refreshed and ready for the long day ahead. They work great to not only wash out your contacts, but to wash our the dirt from your eyes too.
Rating: 5. add to every load of laundry for clean fresh scent.
Rating: 5. The taste of these almonds is excellent, although I have ordered these several times, and I do receive different size almonds. Usually they are full-size (preferable), but occasionally have received smaller almonds. They taste the same, but I prefer the full size.
Rating: 5. Item as advertised, shipped promptly.
Rating: 3. OK flavor - not too strong a cinnamon taste.
Rating: 5. I love how there's one bag of each flavor; I liked all but one of them. Super delicious and high quality. Will be purchasing again.
Rating: 5. Don't know what the others are talking about! This baby packs a punch, very tasty snack.
Rating: 1. I don't know what it is about these soups, but this one is just as bad as the Chicken Tortilla and the Garden Vegetable -- that horrible odd taste. I can't identify it. It's like they put some sort of chemical in there. I will say, however, that the Chicken Noodle wasn't too bad and I love the Tomato Basil. I will not try any additional flavors and if I could give this one NO STARS, I would..
Rating: 5. I love these and curse stores that do not stock them! Great flavor.
Rating: 3. Streaky
Rating: 5. nice
Rating: 4. Good, but I prefer Oxyclean, which gets the stains out better. But buy if it is cheaper than Oxy, and you are cleaning under garments.
Rating: 5. The grandkids love this and it's healthier than comparable products.
Rating: 5. Perfect just as described
Rating: 5. this is good!
Rating: 5. The best decaf I've had. My preference is to blend regular and decaf but I would drink this on its own in evening.
Rating: 1. Wow. Velveeta is a swing and a miss. Not a very nice taste. Sort of metallic. The cheese was white, whatever flavor that's supposed to be. It made the overly-pungent base look anemic and blah. I finished it, but only because I was hungry and it was what I had for lunch. Will not purchase again.
Rating: 3. It takes an entire package to do the whitening.
Rating: 5. Good Value
Rating: 5. The best Cappuccino I have ever had. I'm sad that Walmart does not carry Grove Square anymore.
Rating: 1. When we got our items they were severely damaged. Some of the grocery items are unuseable. Two of the almond breese broke open and damaged other items
Rating: 5. As expected.
Rating: 3. Just got them
Rating: 5. Soooo delicious! Easy to eat all of them in one go....!
Rating: 5. Great.
Rating: 5. Delicious! Will buy again!
Rating: 4. I drink this when I don't feel like preparing food. I think it's best when really cold. When I told my doctor I was drinking it he wanted to know, "How Often?" When I told him once a day, that was OK with the Doc.
Rating: 5. This is always gone after 2 days of buying it. My kids love it. I always buy the biggest package.
Rating: 5. Very nice items, nice packing, Very pleased . A+ ALL THE WAY thank you. Highly recommended"
Rating: 5. Top-notch!
Rating: 5. Great way to get some extra vitamin C
Rating: 5. I have bags of this in my bedroom cabinet just in case I ran out of chips while I'm watching a movie.
Rating: 5. Exceeded my expectations, batteries last longer than alkaline and charge right up.
Rating: 5. it was eaten way too fast
Rating: 3. convenient
Rating: 3. As expected.
Rating: 5. I really like these wipes as I can use it on just about anything. I am not afraid to use it on my baby's toys, cups and utensils. It cleans really well and the wipes are made from a nice durable materials that allows you to scrub with them. The smell is sort of herbal and woody, but not bad at all. I like to use them especially when anyone is sick to help contain the spread of germs. The dispenser works well and the container is larger than most.
Rating: 5. I love this!!! I use almond milk put cinnamon and 2 scooped and it's great for me. After dinner it helps me to cure my sweet tooth and the best part no sugar added.
Rating: 5. As soon as this cereal was had, my jimmies instantly became unrustled, as they had previously been rustled by the stress of living life. Ever since I've eaten this, my jimmies have been unrustled since that day.
Rating: 5. Thanks
Rating: 5. My husbands favorite.
Rating: 2. to small
Rating: 5. Great product. Strongly recommended.
Rating: 5. We love these things! If you are gluten free, give these a shot they are super delish! Amazon has great deals, for a more affordable price!
Rating: 5. Love these bleach crystals! They are much easier and convenient to use over the liquid bleach. I will definitely be ordering more of these. I feel like these crystals work just as well as the liquid bleach.
Rating: 5. went over great at our last dance. thanks
Rating: 5. Delicious, worth the money!
Rating: 5. Good product
Rating: 5. Excellent, as always
Rating: 5. I have been using these for 4 years now, and my doctor advises me to continue.
Rating: 1. busted inside messy pantry package
Rating: 5. great
Rating: 5. I used to think that these natural products were silly and ineffective. After watching a documentary about chemicals and the increase of diseases such as cancer, asthma, autism, and others, I decided that maybe I would spend $15 and order hand soaps and all natural cleaners. Man, was I pleasantly surprised. I was expecting some watered down, greasy product and that couldn't be further from the truth. This cleans just like other cleaners that I use. The smell is soft with a hint of a "cleaner" scent that makes me feel like it's doing it's job. I am sold on this product now.
Rating: 5. Good batteries.
Rating: 5. Have ordered Vanilla and also Strawberry. Both are delicious and with 35 grams of protein at 160 calories - this makes them perfect for my needs. Will always reorder.
Rating: 5. Delicious chips!!! Love the vinegar
Rating: 4. Wish there were more in the pack
Rating: 5. Everyone had fun picking which one they wanted
Rating: 5. This is so kind to my somewhat delicate facial skin. It soothingly cleans it and leaves it feeling fresh and not too dried out.
Rating: 1. This is NOT like my previous order.. someone has downsized the rolls. This item isn't worth the price charged.
Rating: 5. Loved it.
Rating: 5. Excellent!
Rating: 5. Yummy! I would purchase again!
Rating: 5. Tastes just like Grape Gatorade, but a bit cheaper. No difference from what you could get at your local grocery outlet.
Rating: 5. They're salty and crunchy and hit the spot if you wash them down with a coke. I regret not buying more.
Rating: 5. Works great and leaves skin in great condition.
Rating: 5. Love these bars even know there for kids they're awesome
Rating: 4. Good product and it works but a little on the pricy side.
Rating: 5. This coffee tastes the best
Rating: 4. This is very good pancake and waffle mix. The waffles in particular were a nice surprise. will be buying again.
Rating: 5. In the twelve years that I've had my digital camera I have used all kinds of off the wall batteries. I'm sure these will be the best I've ever had. They even came well charged.
Rating: 4. Used an Amazon Prime Pantry shipping credit and placed my first Pantry order to date. Found these floating around and decided to try a couple bags - sure glad we did. These things pack a very good flavor and fans of slightly spicy, slightly hot snacks are sure to be a fan of these. I didn't actually get as much Kimchi flavoring as I was expecting, but the taste is great nonetheless. My only real complaint is the size of the bag, which I should have known when I ordered. The bags are pretty small and you'll likely knock a bag of these out in two servings - or if you're like me and aren't paying attention to the bag - you may just destroy it in one serving!
Rating: 5. I have two places I buy online for Propel Mandarin Orange, its that good! Seldom can find it on store shelves, so this is a great way to get the perfect flavored water! I like that it is "Water" and has the additional electrolytes and vitamins. NO added sugar 2 grams, zero Carbs, its water not a soda, thankfully! I often give them out to patients in my office who come in from the humid heat in the south, and everyone loves them. Just had my home remodeled and gave them to some of the workers who also loved them! This flavor is my favorite, Grape is a close second, but you can't really compare orange to grape ha! Great product!! If your cutting carbs, work outdoors, etc. This is a must try/have!
Rating: 5. perfect
Rating: 5. Really good texture and taste.
Rating: 5. Great product.
Rating: 5. Yum
Rating: 5. It's water; what more is there to say?
Rating: 3. Needs Plenty of refrigation or the taste will be somewhat bitter.
Rating: 5. Excellent price, value,,quality and available.
Rating: 5. It's bacon...how can you go wrong?
Rating: 4. Good price
Rating: 4. I love love love the taste of this miso. Unfortunately, it has some ingredients I don't feel so great about eating, such as MSG, disodium inosinate, etc. I prefer the ingredients in Trader Joes's instant miso soup, but think this is the best-tasting instant miso soup on the market. I guess I like the taste of chemicals :-)
Rating: 5. These are my absolute favourite canned tomatoes for making Italian style tomato sauces. Not only do they have good flavour, but tomatoes come packed in a tomato-paste liquid, rather than just water. This thick, red liquid is also packed with flavour, and makes a great addition to sauces. I've tried a lot of brands of canned tomatoes, but this is still the best I've tasted for making sauce. The only unfortunate thing is that they are not packaged well; Amazon ships them in their original case packaging, which might be fine in a standard grocery store shipping chain, but by the time they make it to my house via UPS, most or all of the cans in a case are invariably dented. They still taste fine, but dented cans are generally considered to be a health risk, since it's more difficult to be sure they haven't been contaminated.
Rating: 5. BIG bottle
Rating: 5. This is my favorite toilet paper of all time!
Rating: 5. bold but nice
Rating: 5. wonderful fit, great for labor and delivery
Rating: 5. Great flavor. You know it's peach tea.
Rating: 3. Ehh...works okay.
Rating: 3. did not use as directed. On and off again. Very little results. If you are lazy and unreliable like me, choose a different option.
Rating: 5. Good product
Rating: 5. Perfect, kinda squished but plenty of whole chips still together.
Rating: 5. Love this stuff - it's my "go to" cold cereal when the price is right. The regular price in stores is way too high, but a good deal when on sale for around $2.00 - $2.50 per box. Same thing on Amazon - I only buy it when the price is right and it works out with other things I want to include in my Prime Pantry box. My wife enjoys this as well, although she thinks it's a bit on the sweet side for her tastes.
Rating: 5. Great tp
Rating: 4. These cashews aren't as plump as the ones at Costco, but the price is pretty good since Amazon regularly has discount coupons for them.
Rating: 5. Strong and soft
Rating: 4. Recently experimented this razor by letting my leg hair how out and then using the Gillette Venus original on one leg and an electronic razor on the other leg. This Venus razor definitely gave me the closer shave. My only complaint is how stiff it is, little flexibility. It is difficult to shave unlevel or slanted surfaces (around knees and ankles) without cutting yourself. I received this product free from Gillette Venus in exchange for my honest opinion.
Rating: 5. Great
Rating: 4. Easy to use, stands up straight! Paleo, too!
Rating: 5. Arrived in a timely manner with quality as expected. Oxi Clean is the best. I love it for all kinds of cleaning projects, not the least of which is laundry. Remember a little bit goes a long way!! Very effective product. Thank you.
Rating: 5. We LOVE this cereal. We get it on subscribe and save, monthly. My husband is gluten free and he eats this daily. It's the same as "kix" minus all the artificial chemicals/ingredients. It's a simple snack, great starch for the gluten free or gluten eating people. They package it nicely so it never comes crushed.
Rating: 3. I wish these wipes were a little thicker so they would hold the solution better and scrub better and I wouldn't need as many. It gets expensive. Scent could be better but they do clean most things.
Rating: 5. Great for my lactation cookies!
Rating: 3. The tortillas were VERY fresh, unfortunately that's all the plus points I can say about it.
Rating: 5. Great taste, just what I was looking for. Use it for my salad dressings
Rating: 4. Crackers that are good.
Rating: 5. Yummy! would purchase again soon.
Rating: 3. Expiration date is much closer than in grocery stores... not sure if its bad product rotation or i just got the shaft on this one... i normally do not order food online for this reason.
Rating: 5. Works great with no side affects
Rating: 5. Ordered 3 boxes yesterday. Surprisingly they arrived sooner than expected! Flavors are great! The price is amazing too! Great great purchase!!! I will most definitely order more. They will have my business from now on. Thank you!!
Rating: 3. Kids will eat these if there is nothing else in the house. My husband liked them enough. They are a healthy option to sugary cereal for breakfast or if you have to eat and run.
Rating: 5. Strips are easy to apply and remove. They are odorless and do not leave a bad taste after use. I was concerned about the duration of each application as I could not find the information until I bought the strips and read the fine print instructions inside. I am an old guy who rarely visits a dentist. My teeth had paled over the years and I was reluctant to visit the dentist. I read a lot of good reviews about the strip and decided to give a try. The only hindrance was the seemingly steep price. But, every now and than, Amazon comes up with deals too good to pass. I am glad that I decided to give it a try. In just four applications, 30 minutes each day, I began to see a drastic change in my teeth. After the first application, I realized that I could cut the strips in two along the length and get more for the money. It worked just fine. I also have a tooth that was a bit back and not in line with the rest of the teeth. I cut a very small piece of strip to apply on this tooth. Overall, I am very satisfied with this product and would recommend to all. I have sensitive teeth and had no problems using the strips.
Rating: 5. I guess that's a pun of some kind. Anyway, about 30 years ago I went to a lecture about colon cancer at the company health club, and decided that wasn't for me. The MD presenting said an easy way to avoid it was to eat All-Bran for breakfast, and since then I've only missed maybe 10 days. All-Bran is hard to find in supermarkets, almost impossible to find in restaurants, so the subscription is very convenient. It may taste like cardboard (vanilla flavored almond milk helps), but it does the job, and my colonoscopies are consistently boring. Update 4/12/15: This is no longer available in my area, and was a product of Mexico when last purchsed -- even the box was of poor quality. And, as others have noted, it's wicked expensive and possibly contaminated and of lesser quality these days when ordered online. I have complained regularly, both in my local stores ("sorry, we can't get it"), and to Kellogs ("we've changed manufacturers, should be available soon"). The net result of my complaints has been one coupon from Kellogs for $1.25. Looking at alternatives that others have recommended as well as Citrucel, or Life Extension fiber supplements. Very disappointed in Kellogs, who have a lot of work to do to regain my business and trust. Excellent website at http://www.umassmed.edu/healthyheart/Tips/Diet/How-Does-Your-Cereal-Rate/ rating many breakfast cereals; read the ingredients and look at the total grams of fiber (soluble and insoluble), calories, fat and sugar. I'm abandoning All-Bran until Kellog's gets their act together. Both Post and General Mills have what appear to be viable alternatives. In case Amazon censors URLs, Google "How does your cereal rate?".
Rating: 5. I've used this before and love it! I immediately feel a difference in the gym and bedroom. It gives me Great energy and focus in the gym and helps me push my limits. I couldn't be happier with my results and look forward to using it again!
Rating: 5. Great hot sauce!
Rating: 5. Love the scent.
Rating: 4. fair price
Rating: 4. I'm working my way through the Mrs. Meyer's range and so far this one is not my favorite as it is too perfumey to use in the kitchen anywhere near food. Certainly never on cast iron pots and pans. My hack has been to water it down with another scent-free environmental brand till the perfume is so faint that I scarcely notice it. Lasts a lot longer too.
Rating: 5. This is the only Toothpaste I will use
Rating: 3. I didn't find it worked well on my sluggish drain
Rating: 5. I originally tried this chocolate to try a new flavor. It wasn't very salty, but just a hint of extra flavor note from the salt. Lindt has done a really good job with this one.
Rating: 5. Dryer sheets and a lot of them.
Rating: 4. Arrived well, not stale.
Rating: 5. Best there is.
Rating: 5. I bought the Bandaid brand flexible/cloth bandages and they begin unraveling within the hour. I'm not a little kid. I don't like strings hanging off my fingers. It just looks dirty (they're tan) and gross, especially for an adult. These do not unravel - ever. Love them.
Rating: 5. One of my favorite cereals. Tasty, fresh, and light.
Rating: 5. This stuff is fantastic!
Rating: 3. good
Rating: 5. nothing like a fresh smelling bowl after a hard night binge drinking and telling strippers they have no souls
Rating: 3. it burned my nasal passages. I thought I'd try a less expensive product than my regular saline powder. I normally use SinuAir, which costs a bit more. I was not happy with the results. I will be sticking to SinuAir going forward. "If it ain't broke ..." SinuAir is a far more gentler product.
Rating: 2. This is not a quality product. I purchased this based on reviews and I am extremely dissappointed. This is not fruity, it has a bitter aftertaste and the price is way too high. I will continue to purchase at grocery store.
Rating: 5. Love this fabric softener! It smells great, makes clothes more vibrant, and makes clothes and towels feel like a cloud!
Rating: 5. very tasty! love it.
Rating: 3. Not as good in the can as the original in the plastic bottle. Was kind of disappointed.
Rating: 5. My mother can not get enough of these. She is 86 and I could not imagine giving this cookie a review of anything other than 5 Stars Also Amazon has her favorite Charity at the moment Which is Children Of Parent's Incarcerated Needing Guidance. We signed up through Amazon Smile
Rating: 3. As far as gluten free things, this one isn't too bad. The chocolate flavor is acceptable and the texture when very fresh is also decent. As is so often with gluten free things, the leavening is an issue. The brownies tend to be a bit thin and they age quickly, even if adequately covered. They don't really look anything like the picture on the package. On a second batch, I added a half tsp of xanthan gum and half tsp of soy lecithin and it seemed to help immensely. Overall, this wasn't a great experience, but they were eaten. I think I will keep looking.
Rating: 1. high sugar content, instant coffee (no grounds), preservatives this is not coffee all of mine is in the garbage
Rating: 5. Love the tea
Rating: 5. We searched for months for a food that all of our cats would eat. While one tabby would eat almost anything, the other two were much more particular and couldn't agree on a food that they both liked. Rachel Ray Nutrish Zero Grain Natrual Dry Chicken and Potato suits all three. The old tabby has more energy than I've seen him have in years. Awesome!
Rating: 2. I quit liking the Deluxe Mixed Nuts when Planters added pistachios. Pistachios are cheap filler along the lines of peanuts. I paid extra not to have the fillers but Planters found a way to do it and then make it sound like a bonus. Now the Deluxe Mixed Nuts are no longer worth the extra money that the premium label brings.
Rating: 5. great pack
Rating: 5. We moved to another state in the last year and my eyes have suffered so much from the dry weather. They have been constantly irritated and I've been getting headaches. Finally decided I needed some drops to help out. Did some browsing on Amazon and these seemed like a winner. I use these daily and my headaches and the itchiness have gone away. I am a bit of a cheap skate so I was tempted to get a cheaper brand but decided to suck it up and pay a couple dollars more and boy I am glad I did. The first time I used them I didn't even feel them hit my eye so I put in more drops than I meant to. You seriously can't feel them which is very nice because when my eyes are irritated introducing anything else into them usually just makes it worse.
Rating: 4. Keeps ends moist and prevents split ends. I have seen an improvement in my hair.
Rating: 5. I Love these! They are delicious! The cheesey flavor very satisfying. They aren't quite as strong tasting as cheetoes. But still good. Great with a bit of sriracha.
Rating: 5. A family favorite everyone from the three-year-old to grandma and grandpa love this cereal. It's low sugar but you would never know it.
Rating: 5. Good product
